Philemon 1:18	If he has wronged you, or owes you ought, put that on my account;
Ezekiel 17:2	Son of man, put forth a riddle, and speak a parable to the house of Israel;
Luke 7:22	Then Jesus answering said to them, Go your way, and tell John what things you have seen and heard; how that the blind see, the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, the deaf hear, the dead are raised, to the poor the gospel is preached.
1 Chronicles 11:19	And said, My God forbid it me, that I should do this thing: shall I drink the blood of these men that have put their lives in jeopardy? for with the jeopardy of their lives they brought it. Therefore he would not drink it. These things did these three mightiest.
Jeremiah 42:18	For thus said the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; As my anger and my fury has been poured forth on the inhabitants of Jerusalem; so shall my fury be poured forth on you, when you shall enter into Egypt: and you shall be an execration, and an astonishment, and a curse, and a reproach; and you shall see this place no more.
Genesis 1:6	And God said, Let there be a firmament in the middle of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters.
Leviticus 1:5	And he shall kill the bullock before the LORD: and the priests, Aaron’s sons, shall bring the blood, and sprinkle the blood round about on the altar that is by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Leviticus 4:28	Or if his sin, which he has sinned, come to his knowledge: then he shall bring his offering, a kid of the goats, a female without blemish, for his sin which he has sinned.
1 Chronicles 1:23	And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab. All these were the sons of Joktan.
Ezekiel 20:15	Yet also I lifted up my hand to them in the wilderness, that I would not bring them into the land which I had given them, flowing with milk and honey, which is the glory of all lands;
Hebrews 8:8	For finding fault with them, he said, Behold, the days come, said the Lord, when I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel and with the house of Judah:
Nehemiah 11:32	And at Anathoth, Nob, Ananiah,
Job 20:22	In the fullness of his sufficiency he shall be in straits: every hand of the wicked shall come on him.
Deuteronomy 5:20	Neither shall you bear false witness against your neighbor.
1 Kings 6:21	So Solomon overlaid the house within with pure gold: and he made a partition by the chains of gold before the oracle; and he overlaid it with gold.
1 Chronicles 2:16	Whose sisters were Zeruiah, and Abigail. And the sons of Zeruiah; Abishai, and Joab, and Asahel, three.
Mark 2:9	Whether is it easier to say to the sick of the palsy, Your sins be forgiven you; or to say, Arise, and take up your bed, and walk?
Genesis 24:39	And I said to my master, Peradventure the woman will not follow me.
Ezekiel 3:25	But you, O son of man, behold, they shall put bands on you, and shall bind you with them, and you shall not go out among them:
Leviticus 26:8	And five of you shall chase an hundred, and an hundred of you shall put ten thousand to flight: and your enemies shall fall before you by the sword.
Ezekiel 10:20	This is the living creature that I saw under the God of Israel by the river of Chebar; and I knew that they were the cherubim.
Luke 21:17	And you shall be hated of all men for my name’s sake.
2 Corinthians 5:20	Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us: we pray you in Christ’s stead, be you reconciled to God.
Job 7:6	My days are swifter than a weaver’s shuttle, and are spent without hope.
Exodus 22:9	For all manner of trespass, whether it be for ox, for ass, for sheep, for raiment, or for any manner of lost thing which another challenges to be his, the cause of both parties shall come before the judges; and whom the judges shall condemn, he shall pay double to his neighbor.
2 Kings 14:11	But Amaziah would not hear. Therefore Jehoash king of Israel went up; and he and Amaziah king of Judah looked one another in the face at Bethshemesh, which belongs to Judah.
Ezekiel 12:16	But I will leave a few men of them from the sword, from the famine, and from the pestilence; that they may declare all their abominations among the heathen where they come; and they shall know that I am the LORD.
Deuteronomy 6:24	And the LORD commanded us to do all these statutes, to fear the LORD our God, for our good always, that he might preserve us alive, as it is at this day.
Psalm 139:23	Search me, O God, and know my heart: try me, and know my thoughts:
Judges 20:4	And the Levite, the husband of the woman that was slain, answered and said, I came into Gibeah that belongs to Benjamin, I and my concubine, to lodge.
Deuteronomy 13:13	Certain men, the children of Belial, are gone out from among you, and have withdrawn the inhabitants of their city, saying, Let us go and serve other gods, which you have not known;
Daniel 11:32	And such as do wickedly against the covenant shall he corrupt by flatteries: but the people that do know their God shall be strong, and do exploits.
1 Corinthians 15:21	For since by man came death, by man came also the resurrection of the dead.
Deuteronomy 3:3	So the LORD our God delivered into our hands Og also, the king of Bashan, and all his people: and we smote him until none was left to him remaining.
Numbers 7:4	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Psalm 119:81	My soul faints for your salvation: but I hope in your word.
Micah 1:16	Make you bald, and poll you for your delicate children; enlarge your baldness as the eagle; for they are gone into captivity from you.
Genesis 4:26	And to Seth, to him also there was born a son; and he called his name Enos: then began men to call on the name of the LORD.
Luke 5:27	And after these things he went forth, and saw a publican, named Levi, sitting at the receipt of custom: and he said to him, Follow me.
Ezra 9:5	And at the evening sacrifice I arose up from my heaviness; and having rent my garment and my mantle, I fell on my knees, and spread out my hands to the LORD my God,
Genesis 37:8	And his brothers said to him, Shall you indeed reign over us? or shall you indeed have dominion over us? And they hated him yet the more for his dreams, and for his words.
Song of Solomon 8:13	You that dwell in the gardens, the companions listen to your voice: cause me to hear it.
1 Chronicles 21:24	And king David said to Ornan, No; but I will truly buy it for the full price: for I will not take that which is your for the LORD, nor offer burnt offerings without cost.
Jeremiah 7:10	And come and stand before me in this house, which is called by my name, and say, We are delivered to do all these abominations?
Luke 10:5	And into whatever house you enter, first say, Peace be to this house.
Ezra 9:9	For we were slaves; yet our God has not forsaken us in our bondage, but has extended mercy to us in the sight of the kings of Persia, to give us a reviving, to set up the house of our God, and to repair the desolations thereof, and to give us a wall in Judah and in Jerusalem.
Acts 2:37	Now when they heard this, they were pricked in their heart, and said to Peter and to the rest of the apostles, Men and brothers, what shall we do?
Job 32:20	I will speak, that I may be refreshed: I will open my lips and answer.
Job 26:7	He stretches out the north over the empty place, and hangs the earth on nothing.
Ezekiel 31:4	The waters made him great, the deep set him up on high with her rivers running round about his plants, and sent her little rivers to all the trees of the field.
Exodus 30:22	Moreover the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Matthew 27:40	And saying, You that destroy the temple, and build it in three days, save yourself. If you be the Son of God, come down from the cross.
Matthew 13:13	Therefore speak I to them in parables: because they seeing see not; and hearing they hear not, neither do they understand.
Jeremiah 51:49	As Babylon has caused the slain of Israel to fall, so at Babylon shall fall the slain of all the earth.
Acts 20:6	And we sailed away from Philippi after the days of unleavened bread, and came to them to Troas in five days; where we stayed seven days.
Hosea 13:7	Therefore I will be to them as a lion: as a leopard by the way will I observe them:
Daniel 9:14	Therefore has the LORD watched on the evil, and brought it on us: for the LORD our God is righteous in all his works which he does: for we obeyed not his voice.
Revelation 1:12	And I turned to see the voice that spoke with me. And being turned, I saw seven golden candlesticks;
Matthew 16:11	How is it that you do not understand that I spoke it not to you concerning bread, that you should beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees?
John 17:16	They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world.
Mark 13:35	Watch you therefore: for you know not when the master of the house comes, at even, or at midnight, or at the cock-crowing, or in the morning:
Ezekiel 43:18	And he said to me, Son of man, thus said the Lord GOD; These are the ordinances of the altar in the day when they shall make it, to offer burnt offerings thereon, and to sprinkle blood thereon.
Philippians 4:13	I can do all things through Christ which strengthens me.
Proverbs 24:30	I went by the field of the slothful, and by the vineyard of the man void of understanding;
John 3:20	For every one that does evil hates the light, neither comes to the light, lest his deeds should be reproved.
1 Kings 2:24	Now therefore, as the LORD lives, which has established me, and set me on the throne of David my father, and who has made me an house, as he promised, Adonijah shall be put to death this day.
2 Chronicles 19:6	And said to the judges, Take heed what you do: for you judge not for man, but for the LORD, who is with you in the judgment.
John 20:4	So they ran both together: and the other disciple did outrun Peter, and came first to the sepulcher.
Ezekiel 41:26	And there were narrow windows and palm trees on the one side and on the other side, on the sides of the porch, and on the side chambers of the house, and thick planks.
Leviticus 27:26	Only the firstling of the beasts, which should be the LORD’s firstling, no man shall sanctify it; whether it be ox, or sheep: it is the LORD’s.
Nahum 3:9	Ethiopia and Egypt were her strength, and it was infinite; Put and Lubim were your helpers.
Galatians 3:21	Is the law then against the promises of God? God forbid: for if there had been a law given which could have given life, truly righteousness should have been by the law.
Psalm 86:15	But you, O Lord, are a God full of compassion, and gracious, long suffering, and plenteous in mercy and truth.
Exodus 9:3	Behold, the hand of the LORD is on your cattle which is in the field, on the horses, on the asses, on the camels, on the oxen, and on the sheep: there shall be a very grievous murrain.
Lamentations 3:5	He has built against me, and compassed me with gall and travail.
1 Samuel 1:16	Count not your handmaid for a daughter of Belial: for out of the abundance of my complaint and grief have I spoken till now.
Numbers 14:25	(Now the Amalekites and the Canaanites dwelled in the valley.) Tomorrow turn you, and get you into the wilderness by the way of the Red sea.
1 Chronicles 12:33	Of Zebulun, such as went forth to battle, expert in war, with all instruments of war, fifty thousand, which could keep rank: they were not of double heart.
1 Kings 8:47	Yet if they shall bethink themselves in the land where they were carried captives, and repent, and make supplication to you in the land of them that carried them captives, saying, We have sinned, and have done perversely, we have committed wickedness;
2 Chronicles 8:5	Also he built Bethhoron the upper, and Bethhoron the nether, fenced cities, with walls, gates, and bars;
Isaiah 63:13	That led them through the deep, as an horse in the wilderness, that they should not stumble?
Lamentations 1:11	All her people sigh, they seek bread; they have given their pleasant things for meat to relieve the soul: see, O LORD, and consider; for I am become vile.
Romans 5:1	Therefore being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ:
Numbers 11:11	And Moses said to the LORD, Why have you afflicted your servant? and why have I not found favor in your sight, that you lay the burden of all this people on me?
Luke 15:21	And the son said to him, Father, I have sinned against heaven, and in your sight, and am no more worthy to be called your son.
Joel 1:12	The vine is dried up, and the fig tree languishes; the pomegranate tree, the palm tree also, and the apple tree, even all the trees of the field, are withered: because joy is withered away from the sons of men.
Ecclesiastes 7:15	All things have I seen in the days of my vanity: there is a just man that perishes in his righteousness, and there is a wicked man that prolongs his life in his wickedness.
Isaiah 9:16	For the leaders of this people cause them to err; and they that are led of them are destroyed.
Esther 5:5	Then the king said, Cause Haman to make haste, that he may do as Esther has said. So the king and Haman came to the banquet that Esther had prepared.
Leviticus 19:31	Regard not them that have familiar spirits, neither seek after wizards, to be defiled by them: I am the LORD your God.
Numbers 5:6	Speak to the children of Israel, When a man or woman shall commit any sin that men commit, to do a trespass against the LORD, and that person be guilty;
Proverbs 8:19	My fruit is better than gold, yes, than fine gold; and my revenue than choice silver.
Numbers 15:38	Speak to the children of Israel, and bid them that they make them fringes in the borders of their garments throughout their generations, and that they put on the fringe of the borders a ribbon of blue:
John 20:17	Jesus said to her, Touch me not; for I am not yet ascended to my Father: but go to my brothers, and say to them, I ascend to my Father, and your Father; and to my God, and your God.
Isaiah 26:9	With my soul have I desired you in the night; yes, with my spirit within me will I seek you early: for when your judgments are in the earth, the inhabitants of the world will learn righteousness.
Psalm 25:10	All the paths of the LORD are mercy and truth to such as keep his covenant and his testimonies.
Psalm 106:38	And shed innocent blood, even the blood of their sons and of their daughters, whom they sacrificed to the idols of Canaan: and the land was polluted with blood.
Numbers 33:11	And they removed from the Red sea, and encamped in the wilderness of Sin.
Job 35:5	Look to the heavens, and see; and behold the clouds which are higher than you.
2 Corinthians 6:8	By honor and dishonor, by evil report and good report: as deceivers, and yet true;
Judges 11:30	And Jephthah vowed a vow to the LORD, and said, If you shall without fail deliver the children of Ammon into my hands,
Genesis 46:27	And the sons of Joseph, which were born him in Egypt, were two souls: all the souls of the house of Jacob, which came into Egypt, were three score and ten.
Genesis 17:3	And Abram fell on his face: and God talked with him, saying,
Ezekiel 38:4	And I will turn you back, and put hooks into your jaws, and I will bring you forth, and all your army, horses and horsemen, all of them clothed with all sorts of armor, even a great company with bucklers and shields, all of them handling swords:
Ezra 9:12	Now therefore give not your daughters to their sons, neither take their daughters to your sons, nor seek their peace or their wealth for ever: that you may be strong, and eat the good of the land, and leave it for an inheritance to your children for ever.
1 Corinthians 11:32	But when we are judged, we are chastened of the Lord, that we should not be condemned with the world.
Judges 13:14	She may not eat of any thing that comes of the vine, neither let her drink wine or strong drink, nor eat any unclean thing: all that I commanded her let her observe.
Numbers 32:4	Even the country which the LORD smote before the congregation of Israel, is a land for cattle, and your servants have cattle:
2 Chronicles 14:15	They smote also the tents of cattle, and carried away sheep and camels in abundance, and returned to Jerusalem.
Luke 9:31	Who appeared in glory, and spoke of his decease which he should accomplish at Jerusalem.
2 Corinthians 8:5	And this they did, not as we hoped, but first gave their own selves to the Lord, and to us by the will of God.
Psalm 41:8	An evil disease, say they, sticks fast to him: and now that he lies he shall rise up no more.
Jeremiah 3:3	Therefore the showers have been withheld, and there has been no latter rain; and you had a whore’s forehead, you refused to be ashamed.
Luke 20:4	The baptism of John, was it from heaven, or of men?
Ezekiel 20:18	But I said to their children in the wilderness, Walk you not in the statutes of your fathers, neither observe their judgments, nor defile yourselves with their idols:
1 Kings 8:7	For the cherubim spread forth their two wings over the place of the ark, and the cherubim covered the ark and the staves thereof above.
Leviticus 8:25	And he took the fat, and the rump, and all the fat that was on the inwards, and the lobe above the liver, and the two kidneys, and their fat, and the right shoulder:
Job 34:27	Because they turned back from him, and would not consider any of his ways:
Hebrews 12:18	For you are not come to the mount that might be touched, and that burned with fire, nor to blackness, and darkness, and tempest,
Psalm 118:14	The LORD is my strength and song, and is become my salvation.
Hosea 13:11	I gave you a king in my anger, and took him away in my wrath.
Nehemiah 6:11	And I said, Should such a man as I flee? and who is there, that, being as I am, would go into the temple to save his life? I will not go in.
Hebrews 1:5	For to which of the angels said he at any time, You are my Son, this day have I begotten you? And again, I will be to him a Father, and he shall be to me a Son?
Matthew 21:37	But last of all he sent to them his son, saying, They will reverence my son.
Isaiah 7:21	And it shall come to pass in that day, that a man shall nourish a young cow, and two sheep;
Psalm 118:27	God is the LORD, which has showed us light: bind the sacrifice with cords, even to the horns of the altar.
Song of Solomon 8:10	I am a wall, and my breasts like towers: then was I in his eyes as one that found favor.
Luke 2:35	(Yes, a sword shall pierce through your own soul also,) that the thoughts of many hearts may be revealed.
Mark 10:40	But to sit on my right hand and on my left hand is not my to give; but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared.
1 Corinthians 15:44	It is sown a natural body; it is raised a spiritual body. There is a natural body, and there is a spiritual body.
Matthew 26:49	And immediately he came to Jesus, and said, Hail, master; and kissed him.
2 Kings 3:14	And Elisha said, As the LORD of hosts lives, before whom I stand, surely, were it not that I regard the presence of Jehoshaphat the king of Judah, I would not look toward you, nor see you.
Psalm 34:19	Many are the afflictions of the righteous: but the LORD delivers him out of them all.
1 Chronicles 7:37	Bezer, and Hod, and Shamma, and Shilshah, and Ithran, and Beera.
Isaiah 28:26	For his God does instruct him to discretion, and does teach him.
Numbers 31:13	And Moses, and Eleazar the priest, and all the princes of the congregation, went forth to meet them without the camp.
Jeremiah 25:26	And all the kings of the north, far and near, one with another, and all the kingdoms of the world, which are on the face of the earth: and the king of Sheshach shall drink after them.
1 Chronicles 24:16	The nineteenth to Pethahiah, the twentieth to Jehezekel,
Numbers 16:27	So they got up from the tabernacle of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram, on every side: and Dathan and Abiram came out, and stood in the door of their tents, and their wives, and their sons, and their little children.
Ezekiel 23:26	They shall also strip you out of your clothes, and take away your fair jewels.
Numbers 32:32	We will pass over armed before the LORD into the land of Canaan, that the possession of our inheritance on this side Jordan may be ours.
Daniel 1:5	And the king appointed them a daily provision of the king’s meat, and of the wine which he drank: so nourishing them three years, that at the end thereof they might stand before the king.
1 Chronicles 4:38	These mentioned by their names were princes in their families: and the house of their fathers increased greatly.
1 Peter 4:18	And if the righteous scarcely be saved, where shall the ungodly and the sinner appear?
Daniel 5:30	In that night was Belshazzar the king of the Chaldeans slain.
Genesis 13:7	And there was a strife between the herdsmen of Abram’s cattle and the herdsmen of Lot’s cattle: and the Canaanite and the Perizzite dwelled then in the land.
John 12:41	These things said Esaias, when he saw his glory, and spoke of him.
Lamentations 4:14	They have wandered as blind men in the streets, they have polluted themselves with blood, so that men could not touch their garments.
2 Samuel 13:27	But Absalom pressed him, that he let Amnon and all the king’s sons go with him.
1 Corinthians 16:13	Watch you, stand fast in the faith, quit you like men, be strong.
Ezekiel 47:1	Afterward he brought me again to the door of the house; and, behold, waters issued out from under the threshold of the house eastward: for the forefront of the house stood toward the east, and the waters came down from under from the right side of the house, at the south side of the altar.
Joshua 23:1	And it came to pass a long time after that the LORD had given rest to Israel from all their enemies round about, that Joshua waxed old and stricken in age.
Jeremiah 50:44	Behold, he shall come up like a lion from the swelling of Jordan to the habitation of the strong: but I will make them suddenly run away from her: and who is a chosen man, that I may appoint over her? for who is like me? and who will appoint me the time? and who is that shepherd that will stand before me?
1 Corinthians 6:4	If then you have judgments of things pertaining to this life, set them to judge who are least esteemed in the church.
2 Chronicles 14:12	So the LORD smote the Ethiopians before Asa, and before Judah; and the Ethiopians fled.
Nehemiah 13:19	And it came to pass, that when the gates of Jerusalem began to be dark before the sabbath, I commanded that the gates should be shut, and charged that they should not be opened till after the sabbath: and some of my servants set I at the gates, that there should no burden be brought in on the sabbath day.
2 Timothy 2:8	Remember that Jesus Christ of the seed of David was raised from the dead according to my gospel:
2 Corinthians 7:10	For godly sorrow works repentance to salvation not to be repented of: but the sorrow of the world works death.
Acts 10:39	And we are witnesses of all things which he did both in the land of the Jews, and in Jerusalem; whom they slew and hanged on a tree:
Jeremiah 33:2	Thus said the LORD the maker thereof, the LORD that formed it, to establish it; the LORD is his name;
Judges 19:15	And they turned aside thither, to go in and to lodge in Gibeah: and when he went in, he sat him down in a street of the city: for there was no man that took them into his house to lodging.
Jeremiah 7:4	Trust you not in lying words, saying, The temple of the LORD, The temple of the LORD, The temple of the LORD, are these.
1 Kings 12:10	And the young men that were grown up with him spoke to him, saying, Thus shall you speak to this people that spoke to you, saying, Your father made our yoke heavy, but make you it lighter to us; thus shall you say to them, My little finger shall be thicker than my father’s loins.
Jeremiah 37:16	When Jeremiah was entered into the dungeon, and into the cabins, and Jeremiah had remained there many days;
2 Samuel 7:13	He shall build an house for my name, and I will establish the throne of his kingdom for ever.
1 Timothy 5:4	But if any widow have children or nephews, let them learn first to show piety at home, and to requite their parents: for that is good and acceptable before God.
2 Chronicles 32:33	And Hezekiah slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the most chief of the sepulchers of the sons of David: and all Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem did him honor at his death. And Manasseh his son reigned in his stead.
Revelation 8:12	And the fourth angel sounded, and the third part of the sun was smitten, and the third part of the moon, and the third part of the stars; so as the third part of them was darkened, and the day shone not for a third part of it, and the night likewise.
Luke 22:35	And he said to them, When I sent you without purse, and money, and shoes, lacked you any thing? And they said, Nothing.
1 Kings 6:14	So Solomon built the house, and finished it.
Psalm 2:3	Let us break their bands asunder, and cast away their cords from us.
Joshua 2:16	And she said to them, Get you to the mountain, lest the pursuers meet you; and hide yourselves there three days, until the pursuers be returned: and afterward may you go your way.
Jeremiah 2:15	The young lions roared on him, and yelled, and they made his land waste: his cities are burned without inhabitant.
1 Kings 16:24	And he bought the hill Samaria of Shemer for two talents of silver, and built on the hill, and called the name of the city which he built, after the name of Shemer, owner of the hill, Samaria.
1 Kings 11:31	And he said to Jeroboam, Take you ten pieces: for thus said the LORD, the God of Israel, Behold, I will rend the kingdom out of the hand of Solomon, and will give ten tribes to you:
Philippians 3:5	Circumcised the eighth day, of the stock of Israel, of the tribe of Benjamin, an Hebrew of the Hebrews; as touching the law, a Pharisee;
Revelation 9:8	And they had hair as the hair of women, and their teeth were as the teeth of lions.
Matthew 9:17	Neither do men put new wine into old bottles: else the bottles break, and the wine runs out, and the bottles perish: but they put new wine into new bottles, and both are preserved.
Luke 24:31	And their eyes were opened, and they knew him; and he vanished out of their sight.
Jeremiah 37:17	Then Zedekiah the king sent, and took him out: and the king asked him secretly in his house, and said, Is there any word from the LORD? And Jeremiah said, There is: for, said he, you shall be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon.
2 Kings 21:18	And Manasseh slept with his fathers, and was buried in the garden of his own house, in the garden of Uzza: and Amon his son reigned in his stead.
Numbers 4:7	And on the table of show bread they shall spread a cloth of blue, and put thereon the dishes, and the spoons, and the bowls, and covers to cover with: and the continual bread shall be thereon:
Deuteronomy 29:25	Then men shall say, Because they have forsaken the covenant of the LORD God of their fathers, which he made with them when he brought them forth out of the land of Egypt:
Galatians 4:17	They zealously affect you, but not well; yes, they would exclude you, that you might affect them.
1 Samuel 16:3	And call Jesse to the sacrifice, and I will show you what you shall do: and you shall anoint to me him whom I name to you.
Lamentations 2:21	The young and the old lie on the ground in the streets: my virgins and my young men are fallen by the sword; you have slain them in the day of your anger; you have killed, and not pitied.
2 Chronicles 16:8	Were not the Ethiopians and the Lubims a huge host, with very many chariots and horsemen? yet, because you did rely on the LORD, he delivered them into your hand.
1 Kings 17:15	And she went and did according to the saying of Elijah: and she, and he, and her house, did eat many days.
Ezekiel 42:10	The chambers were in the thickness of the wall of the court toward the east, over against the separate place, and over against the building.
Leviticus 24:11	And the Israelitish woman’s son blasphemed the name of the Lord, and cursed. And they brought him to Moses: (and his mother’s name was Shelomith, the daughter of Dibri, of the tribe of Dan:)
1 Chronicles 3:12	Amaziah his son, Azariah his son, Jotham his son,
Esther 2:8	So it came to pass, when the king’s commandment and his decree was heard, and when many maidens were gathered together to Shushan the palace, to the custody of Hegai, that Esther was brought also to the king’s house, to the custody of Hegai, keeper of the women.
Genesis 18:24	Peradventure there be fifty righteous within the city: will you also destroy and not spare the place for the fifty righteous that are therein?
Matthew 15:17	Do not you yet understand, that whatever enters in at the mouth goes into the belly, and is cast out into the draught?
Numbers 6:22	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Ecclesiastes 8:5	Whoever keeps the commandment shall feel no evil thing: and a wise man’s heart discerns both time and judgment.
Esther 2:21	In those days, while Mordecai sat in the king’s gate, two of the king’s chamberlains, Bigthan and Teresh, of those which kept the door, were wroth, and sought to lay hands on the king Ahasuerus.
Esther 8:12	On one day in all the provinces of king Ahasuerus, namely, on the thirteenth day of the twelfth month, which is the month Adar.
2 Samuel 22:33	God is my strength and power: and he makes my way perfect.
Psalm 33:13	The LORD looks from heaven; he beholds all the sons of men.
Mark 12:21	And the second took her, and died, neither left he any seed: and the third likewise.
Luke 19:24	And he said to them that stood by, Take from him the pound, and give it to him that has ten pounds.
Joshua 18:21	Now the cities of the tribe of the children of Benjamin according to their families were Jericho, and Bethhoglah, and the valley of Keziz,
1 Thessalonians 5:15	See that none render evil for evil to any man; but ever follow that which is good, both among yourselves, and to all men.
Isaiah 28:14	Why hear the word of the LORD, you scornful men, that rule this people which is in Jerusalem.
Luke 19:42	Saying, If you had known, even you, at least in this your day, the things which belong to your peace! but now they are hid from your eyes.
Ephesians 4:14	That we from now on be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine, by the sleight of men, and cunning craftiness, whereby they lie in wait to deceive;
1 Samuel 19:10	And Saul sought to smite David even to the wall with the javelin: but he slipped away out of Saul’s presence, and he smote the javelin into the wall: and David fled, and escaped that night.
Job 36:9	Then he shows them their work, and their transgressions that they have exceeded.
Isaiah 41:15	Behold, I will make you a new sharp threshing instrument having teeth: you shall thresh the mountains, and beat them small, and shall make the hills as chaff.
Amos 2:16	And he that is courageous among the mighty shall flee away naked in that day, said the LORD.
1 Samuel 23:28	Why Saul returned from pursuing after David, and went against the Philistines: therefore they called that place Selahammahlekoth.
John 7:47	Then answered them the Pharisees, Are you also deceived?
2 Samuel 12:11	Thus said the LORD, Behold, I will raise up evil against you out of your own house, and I will take your wives before your eyes, and give them to your neighbor, and he shall lie with your wives in the sight of this sun.
Isaiah 35:3	Strengthen you the weak hands, and confirm the feeble knees.
Matthew 21:1	And when they drew near to Jerusalem, and were come to Bethphage, to the mount of Olives, then sent Jesus two disciples,
Psalm 65:2	O you that hear prayer, to you shall all flesh come.
Jeremiah 38:13	So they drew up Jeremiah with cords, and took him up out of the dungeon: and Jeremiah remained in the court of the prison.
Psalm 31:17	Let me not be ashamed, O LORD; for I have called on you: let the wicked be ashamed, and let them be silent in the grave.
Galatians 1:1	Paul, an apostle, (not of men, neither by man, but by Jesus Christ, and God the Father, who raised him from the dead;)
2 Chronicles 14:3	For he took away the altars of the strange gods, and the high places, and broke down the images, and cut down the groves:
Isaiah 51:18	There is none to guide her among all the sons whom she has brought forth; neither is there any that takes her by the hand of all the sons that she has brought up.
Matthew 22:15	Then went the Pharisees, and took counsel how they might entangle him in his talk.
John 7:43	So there was a division among the people because of him.
Psalm 143:9	Deliver me, O LORD, from my enemies: I flee to you to hide me.
Nehemiah 3:23	After him repaired Benjamin and Hashub over against their house. After him repaired Azariah the son of Maaseiah the son of Ananiah by his house.
Numbers 4:44	Even those that were numbered of them after their families, were three thousand and two hundred.
Ruth 4:17	And the women her neighbors gave it a name, saying, There is a son born to Naomi; and they called his name Obed: he is the father of Jesse, the father of David.
Judges 20:33	And all the men of Israel rose up out of their place, and put themselves in array at Baaltamar: and the liers in wait of Israel came forth out of their places, even out of the meadows of Gibeah.
Acts 14:22	Confirming the souls of the disciples, and exhorting them to continue in the faith, and that we must through much tribulation enter into the kingdom of God.
Acts 16:12	And from there to Philippi, which is the chief city of that part of Macedonia, and a colony: and we were in that city abiding certain days.
2 Chronicles 18:4	And Jehoshaphat said to the king of Israel, Inquire, I pray you, at the word of the LORD to day.
Isaiah 8:9	Associate yourselves, O you people, and you shall be broken in pieces; and give ear, all you of far countries: gird yourselves, and you shall be broken in pieces; gird yourselves, and you shall be broken in pieces.
Deuteronomy 3:18	And I commanded you at that time, saying, The LORD your God has given you this land to possess it: you shall pass over armed before your brothers the children of Israel, all that are meet for the war.
2 Samuel 15:15	And the king’s servants said to the king, Behold, your servants are ready to do whatever my lord the king shall appoint.
Galatians 6:8	For he that sows to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption; but he that sows to the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap life everlasting.
Romans 5:18	Therefore as by the offense of one judgment came on all men to condemnation; even so by the righteousness of one the free gift came on all men to justification of life.
Genesis 30:5	And Bilhah conceived, and bore Jacob a son.
Hebrews 2:14	For as much then as the children are partakers of flesh and blood, he also himself likewise took part of the same; that through death he might destroy him that had the power of death, that is, the devil;
Job 36:18	Because there is wrath, beware lest he take you away with his stroke: then a great ransom cannot deliver you.
Daniel 10:1	In the third year of Cyrus king of Persia a thing was revealed to Daniel, whose name was called Belteshazzar; and the thing was true, but the time appointed was long: and he understood the thing, and had understanding of the vision.
1 Chronicles 27:4	And over the course of the second month was Dodai an Ahohite, and of his course was Mikloth also the ruler: in his course likewise were twenty and four thousand.
John 9:15	Then again the Pharisees also asked him how he had received his sight. He said to them, He put clay on my eyes, and I washed, and do see.
1 Kings 18:20	So Ahab sent to all the children of Israel, and gathered the prophets together to mount Carmel.
Numbers 32:9	For when they went up to the valley of Eshcol, and saw the land, they discouraged the heart of the children of Israel, that they should not go into the land which the LORD had given them.
1 Chronicles 11:43	Hanan the son of Maachah, and Joshaphat the Mithnite,
Matthew 11:25	At that time Jesus answered and said, I thank you, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because you have hid these things from the wise and prudent, and have revealed them to babes.
John 20:25	The other disciples therefore said to him, We have seen the LORD. But he said to them, Except I shall see in his hands the print of the nails, and put my finger into the print of the nails, and thrust my hand into his side, I will not believe.
Ecclesiastes 2:16	For there is no remembrance of the wise more than of the fool for ever; seeing that which now is in the days to come shall all be forgotten. And how dies the wise man? as the fool.
Mark 14:19	And they began to be sorrowful, and to say to him one by one, Is it I? and another said, Is it I?
Philippians 1:1	Paul and Timotheus, the servants of Jesus Christ, to all the saints in Christ Jesus which are at Philippi, with the bishops and deacons:
2 Kings 10:14	And he said, Take them alive. And they took them alive, and slew them at the pit of the shearing house, even two and forty men; neither left he any of them.
Ezekiel 21:6	Sigh therefore, you son of man, with the breaking of your loins; and with bitterness sigh before their eyes.
Psalm 68:29	Because of your temple at Jerusalem shall kings bring presents to you.
Proverbs 1:32	For the turning away of the simple shall slay them, and the prosperity of fools shall destroy them.
Galatians 2:10	Only they would that we should remember the poor; the same which I also was forward to do.
1 Corinthians 14:27	If any man speak in an unknown tongue, let it be by two, or at the most by three, and that by course; and let one interpret.
Exodus 29:30	And that son that is priest in his stead shall put them on seven days, when he comes into the tabernacle of the congregation to minister in the holy place.
Exodus 16:18	And when they did mete it with an omer, he that gathered much had nothing over, and he that gathered little had no lack; they gathered every man according to his eating.
Ezra 5:4	Then said we to them after this manner, What are the names of the men that make this building?
Lamentations 4:19	Our persecutors are swifter than the eagles of the heaven: they pursued us on the mountains, they laid wait for us in the wilderness.
1 Corinthians 9:16	For though I preach the gospel, I have nothing to glory of: for necessity is laid on me; yes, woe is to me, if I preach not the gospel!
Daniel 7:27	And the kingdom and dominion, and the greatness of the kingdom under the whole heaven, shall be given to the people of the saints of the most High, whose kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and all dominions shall serve and obey him.
1 Corinthians 4:3	But with me it is a very small thing that I should be judged of you, or of man’s judgment: yes, I judge not my own self.
2 Samuel 23:25	Shammah the Harodite, Elika the Harodite,
Luke 13:34	O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, which kill the prophets, and stone them that are sent to you; how often would I have gathered your children together, as a hen does gather her brood under her wings, and you would not!
Judges 1:21	And the children of Benjamin did not drive out the Jebusites that inhabited Jerusalem; but the Jebusites dwell with the children of Benjamin in Jerusalem to this day.
Job 31:24	If I have made gold my hope, or have said to the fine gold, You are my confidence;
Numbers 26:27	These are the families of the Zebulunites according to those that were numbered of them, three score thousand and five hundred.
Acts 3:12	And when Peter saw it, he answered to the people, You men of Israel, why marvel you at this? or why look you so earnestly on us, as though by our own power or holiness we had made this man to walk?
Romans 9:30	What shall we say then? That the Gentiles, which followed not after righteousness, have attained to righteousness, even the righteousness which is of faith.
Leviticus 17:7	And they shall no more offer their sacrifices to devils, after whom they have gone a whoring. This shall be a statute for ever to them throughout their generations.
2 Kings 8:6	And when the king asked the woman, she told him. So the king appointed to her a certain officer, saying, Restore all that was hers, and all the fruits of the field since the day that she left the land, even until now.
Song of Solomon 4:16	Awake, O north wind; and come, you south; blow on my garden, that the spices thereof may flow out. Let my beloved come into his garden, and eat his pleasant fruits.
Judges 5:28	The mother of Sisera looked out at a window, and cried through the lattice, Why is his chariot so long in coming? why tarry the wheels of his chariots?
2 Chronicles 28:23	For he sacrificed to the gods of Damascus, which smote him: and he said, Because the gods of the kings of Syria help them, therefore will I sacrifice to them, that they may help me. But they were the ruin of him, and of all Israel.
Numbers 29:10	A several tenth deal for one lamb, throughout the seven lambs:
1 Kings 1:27	Is this thing done by my lord the king, and you have not showed it to your servant, who should sit on the throne of my lord the king after him?
Amos 1:9	Thus said the LORD; For three transgressions of Tyrus, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they delivered up the whole captivity to Edom, and remembered not the brotherly covenant:
Genesis 38:6	And Judah took a wife for Er his firstborn, whose name was Tamar.
Acts 7:54	When they heard these things, they were cut to the heart, and they gnashed on him with their teeth.
Genesis 30:29	And he said to him, You know how I have served you, and how your cattle was with me.
1 John 1:9	If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Exodus 4:5	That they may believe that the LORD God of their fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, has appeared to you.
Galatians 6:17	From now on let no man trouble me: for I bear in my body the marks of the Lord Jesus.
Ezekiel 30:6	Thus said the LORD; They also that uphold Egypt shall fall; and the pride of her power shall come down: from the tower of Syene shall they fall in it by the sword, said the Lord GOD.
1 Kings 18:27	And it came to pass at noon, that Elijah mocked them, and said, Cry aloud: for he is a god; either he is talking, or he is pursuing, or he is in a journey, or peradventure he sleeps, and must be awaked.
John 16:8	And when he is come, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of judgment:
Jeremiah 51:43	Her cities are a desolation, a dry land, and a wilderness, a land wherein no man dwells, neither does any son of man pass thereby.
Matthew 19:17	And he said to him, Why call you me good? there is none good but one, that is, God: but if you will enter into life, keep the commandments.
Mark 7:32	And they bring to him one that was deaf, and had an impediment in his speech; and they beseech him to put his hand on him.
Psalm 78:20	Behold, he smote the rock, that the waters gushed out, and the streams overflowed; can he give bread also? can he provide flesh for his people?
2 Kings 18:29	Thus said the king, Let not Hezekiah deceive you: for he shall not be able to deliver you out of his hand:
2 Corinthians 11:14	And no marvel; for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light.
John 12:13	Took branches of palm trees, and went forth to meet him, and cried, Hosanna: Blessed is the King of Israel that comes in the name of the Lord.
1 Samuel 15:25	Now therefore, I pray you, pardon my sin, and turn again with me, that I may worship the LORD.
Hebrews 10:5	Why when he comes into the world, he said, Sacrifice and offering you would not, but a body have you prepared me:
Genesis 32:3	And Jacob sent messengers before him to Esau his brother to the land of Seir, the country of Edom.
Luke 2:48	And when they saw him, they were amazed: and his mother said to him, Son, why have you thus dealt with us? behold, your father and I have sought you sorrowing.
Ezra 2:11	The children of Bebai, six hundred twenty and three.
Deuteronomy 33:4	Moses commanded us a law, even the inheritance of the congregation of Jacob.
1 Kings 14:11	Him that dies of Jeroboam in the city shall the dogs eat; and him that dies in the field shall the fowls of the air eat: for the LORD has spoken it.
1 Timothy 2:13	For Adam was first formed, then Eve.
Genesis 29:29	And Laban gave to Rachel his daughter Bilhah his handmaid to be her maid.
Genesis 16:4	And he went in to Hagar, and she conceived: and when she saw that she had conceived, her mistress was despised in her eyes.
Romans 2:4	Or despise you the riches of his goodness and forbearance and long-suffering; not knowing that the goodness of God leads you to repentance?
Proverbs 14:13	Even in laughter the heart is sorrowful; and the end of that mirth is heaviness.
Leviticus 25:46	And you shall take them as an inheritance for your children after you, to inherit them for a possession; they shall be your slaves for ever: but over your brothers the children of Israel, you shall not rule one over another with rigor.
Ezra 2:3	The children of Parosh, two thousand an hundred seventy and two.
Ezra 7:17	That you may buy speedily with this money bullocks, rams, lambs, with their meat offerings and their drink offerings, and offer them on the altar of the house of your God which is in Jerusalem.
Job 35:9	By reason of the multitude of oppressions they make the oppressed to cry: they cry out by reason of the arm of the mighty.
Jeremiah 33:24	Consider you not what this people have spoken, saying, The two families which the LORD has chosen, he has even cast them off? thus they have despised my people, that they should be no more a nation before them.
Psalm 143:1	Hear my prayer, O LORD, give ear to my supplications: in your faithfulness answer me, and in your righteousness.
Isaiah 1:6	From the sole of the foot even to the head there is no soundness in it; but wounds, and bruises, and putrefying sores: they have not been closed, neither bound up, neither mollified with ointment.
Ezra 8:32	And we came to Jerusalem, and stayed there three days.
Philemon 1:24	Marcus, Aristarchus, Demas, Lucas, my fellow laborers.
Jeremiah 17:13	O LORD, the hope of Israel, all that forsake you shall be ashamed, and they that depart from me shall be written in the earth, because they have forsaken the LORD, the fountain of living waters.
Galatians 6:14	But God forbid that I should glory, save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom the world is crucified to me, and I to the world.
Revelation 20:14	And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death.
Psalm 105:2	Sing to him, sing psalms to him: talk you of all his wondrous works.
1 Chronicles 8:36	And Ahaz begat Jehoadah; and Jehoadah begat Alemeth, and Azmaveth, and Zimri; and Zimri begat Moza,
Ecclesiastes 11:1	Cast your bread on the waters: for you shall find it after many days.
Jeremiah 49:4	Why glory you in the valleys, your flowing valley, O backsliding daughter? that trusted in her treasures, saying, Who shall come to me?
Joshua 22:3	You have not left your brothers these many days to this day, but have kept the charge of the commandment of the LORD your God.
1 John 5:20	And we know that the Son of God is come, and has given us an understanding, that we may know him that is true, and we are in him that is true, even in his Son Jesus Christ. This is the true God, and eternal life.
Isaiah 20:2	At the same time spoke the LORD by Isaiah the son of Amoz, saying, Go and loose the sackcloth from off your loins, and put off your shoe from your foot. And he did so, walking naked and barefoot.
Proverbs 30:6	Add you not to his words, lest he reprove you, and you be found a liar.
1 Kings 15:4	Nevertheless for David’s sake did the LORD his God give him a lamp in Jerusalem, to set up his son after him, and to establish Jerusalem:
Luke 22:42	Saying, Father, if you be willing, remove this cup from me: nevertheless not my will, but yours, be done.
Proverbs 18:23	The poor uses entreaties; but the rich answers roughly.
Luke 18:28	Then Peter said, See, we have left all, and followed you.
Matthew 16:22	Then Peter took him, and began to rebuke him, saying, Be it far from you, Lord: this shall not be to you.
Philippians 3:13	Brothers, I count not myself to have apprehended: but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth to those things which are before,
1 Samuel 15:11	It repents me that I have set up Saul to be king: for he is turned back from following me, and has not performed my commandments. And it grieved Samuel; and he cried to the LORD all night.
2 Samuel 2:12	And Abner the son of Ner, and the servants of Ishbosheth the son of Saul, went out from Mahanaim to Gibeon.
2 Chronicles 32:5	Also he strengthened himself, and built up all the wall that was broken, and raised it up to the towers, and another wall without, and repaired Millo in the city of David, and made darts and shields in abundance.
Psalm 37:6	And he shall bring forth your righteousness as the light, and your judgment as the noonday.
Numbers 3:22	Those that were numbered of them, according to the number of all the males, from a month old and upward, even those that were numbered of them were seven thousand and five hundred.
Daniel 4:19	Then Daniel, whose name was Belteshazzar, was astonished for one hour, and his thoughts troubled him. The king spoke, and said, Belteshazzar, let not the dream, or the interpretation thereof, trouble you. Belteshazzar answered and said, My lord, the dream be to them that hate you, and the interpretation thereof to your enemies.
2 Kings 1:5	And when the messengers turned back to him, he said to them, Why are you now turned back?
Acts 4:2	Being grieved that they taught the people, and preached through Jesus the resurrection from the dead.
Isaiah 9:3	You have multiplied the nation, and not increased the joy: they joy before you according to the joy in harvest, and as men rejoice when they divide the spoil.
Leviticus 1:8	And the priests, Aaron’s sons, shall lay the parts, the head, and the fat, in order on the wood that is on the fire which is on the altar:
1 Samuel 25:28	I pray you, forgive the trespass of your handmaid: for the LORD will certainly make my lord a sure house; because my lord fights the battles of the LORD, and evil has not been found in you all your days.
Numbers 35:18	Or if he smite him with an hand weapon of wood, with which he may die, and he die, he is a murderer: the murderer shall surely be put to death.
1 Samuel 30:3	So David and his men came to the city, and, behold, it was burned with fire; and their wives, and their sons, and their daughters, were taken captives.
Genesis 8:9	But the dove found no rest for the sole of her foot, and she returned to him into the ark, for the waters were on the face of the whole earth: then he put forth his hand, and took her, and pulled her in to him into the ark.
Genesis 7:10	And it came to pass after seven days, that the waters of the flood were on the earth.
Job 17:5	He that speaks flattery to his friends, even the eyes of his children shall fail.
John 5:25	Truly, truly, I say to you, The hour is coming, and now is, when the dead shall hear the voice of the Son of God: and they that hear shall live.
Mark 15:7	And there was one named Barabbas, which lay bound with them that had made insurrection with him, who had committed murder in the insurrection.
John 14:6	Jesus said to him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man comes to the Father, but by me.
Acts 22:10	And I said, What shall I do, LORD? And the Lord said to me, Arise, and go into Damascus; and there it shall be told you of all things which are appointed for you to do.
1 Chronicles 8:6	And these are the sons of Ehud: these are the heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of Geba, and they removed them to Manahath:
Luke 24:7	Saying, The Son of man must be delivered into the hands of sinful men, and be crucified, and the third day rise again.
Genesis 24:20	And she hurried, and emptied her pitcher into the trough, and ran again to the well to draw water, and drew for all his camels.
Acts 17:16	Now while Paul waited for them at Athens, his spirit was stirred in him, when he saw the city wholly given to idolatry.
1 Corinthians 14:12	Even so you, for as much as you are zealous of spiritual gifts, seek that you may excel to the edifying of the church.
Genesis 8:20	And Noah built an altar to the LORD; and took of every clean beast, and of every clean fowl, and offered burnt offerings on the altar.
Leviticus 4:34	And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering with his finger, and put it on the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and shall pour out all the blood thereof at the bottom of the altar:
Numbers 30:12	But if her husband has utterly made them void on the day he heard them; then whatever proceeded out of her lips concerning her vows, or concerning the bond of her soul, shall not stand: her husband has made them void; and the LORD shall forgive her.
Jeremiah 40:2	And the captain of the guard took Jeremiah, and said to him, The LORD your God has pronounced this evil on this place.
2 Samuel 18:14	Then said Joab, I may not tarry thus with you. And he took three darts in his hand, and thrust them through the heart of Absalom, while he was yet alive in the middle of the oak.
Matthew 27:52	And the graves were opened; and many bodies of the saints which slept arose,
Luke 22:56	But a certain maid beheld him as he sat by the fire, and earnestly looked on him, and said, This man was also with him.
Jeremiah 37:12	Then Jeremiah went forth out of Jerusalem to go into the land of Benjamin, to separate himself there in the middle of the people.
Philippians 2:17	Yes, and if I be offered on the sacrifice and service of your faith, I joy, and rejoice with you all.
Psalm 22:29	All they that be fat on earth shall eat and worship: all they that go down to the dust shall bow before him: and none can keep alive his own soul.
Nehemiah 5:6	And I was very angry when I heard their cry and these words.
Isaiah 14:8	Yes, the fir trees rejoice at you, and the cedars of Lebanon, saying, Since you are laid down, no feller is come up against us.
Proverbs 23:2	And put a knife to your throat, if you be a man given to appetite.
Leviticus 13:19	And in the place of the boil there be a white rising, or a bright spot, white, and somewhat reddish, and it be showed to the priest;
Jeremiah 13:4	Take the girdle that you have got, which is on your loins, and arise, go to Euphrates, and hide it there in a hole of the rock.
Mark 14:3	And being in Bethany in the house of Simon the leper, as he sat at meat, there came a woman having an alabaster box of ointment of spikenard very precious; and she broke the box, and poured it on his head.
Isaiah 59:11	We roar all like bears, and mourn sore like doves: we look for judgment, but there is none; for salvation, but it is far off from us.
2 Kings 15:31	And the rest of the acts of Pekah, and all that he did, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel.
Psalm 33:3	Sing to him a new song; play skillfully with a loud noise.
Judges 12:15	And Abdon the son of Hillel the Pirathonite died, and was buried in Pirathon in the land of Ephraim, in the mount of the Amalekites.
Numbers 23:2	And Balak did as Balaam had spoken; and Balak and Balaam offered on every altar a bullock and a ram.
Genesis 27:18	And he came to his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here am I; who are you, my son?
Job 34:1	Furthermore Elihu answered and said,
Acts 9:23	And after that many days were fulfilled, the Jews took counsel to kill him:
Proverbs 3:18	She is a tree of life to them that lay hold on her: and happy is every one that retains her.
2 Kings 3:12	And Jehoshaphat said, The word of the LORD is with him. So the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat and the king of Edom went down to him.
Luke 21:1	And he looked up, and saw the rich men casting their gifts into the treasury.
Exodus 34:26	The first of the first fruits of your land you shall bring to the house of the LORD your God. You shall not seethe a kid in his mother’s milk.
Ezekiel 44:8	And you have not kept the charge of my holy things: but you have set keepers of my charge in my sanctuary for yourselves.
Joshua 12:20	The king of Shimronmeron, one; the king of Achshaph, one;
Numbers 27:18	And the LORD said to Moses, Take you Joshua the son of Nun, a man in whom is the spirit, and lay your hand on him;
Psalm 69:35	For God will save Zion, and will build the cities of Judah: that they may dwell there, and have it in possession.
Psalm 26:12	My foot stands in an even place: in the congregations will I bless the LORD.
Matthew 27:60	And laid it in his own new tomb, which he had hewn out in the rock: and he rolled a great stone to the door of the sepulcher, and departed.
1 Chronicles 24:6	And Shemaiah the son of Nethaneel the scribe, one of the Levites, wrote them before the king, and the princes, and Zadok the priest, and Ahimelech the son of Abiathar, and before the chief of the fathers of the priests and Levites: one principal household being taken for Eleazar, and one taken for Ithamar.
Judges 6:29	And they said one to another, Who has done this thing? And when they inquired and asked, they said, Gideon the son of Joash has done this thing.
John 13:31	Therefore, when he was gone out, Jesus said, Now is the Son of man glorified, and God is glorified in him.
Exodus 8:9	And Moses said to Pharaoh, Glory over me: when shall I entreat for you, and for your servants, and for your people, to destroy the frogs from you and your houses, that they may remain in the river only?
Jeremiah 48:28	O you that dwell in Moab, leave the cities, and dwell in the rock, and be like the dove that makes her nest in the sides of the hole’s mouth.
Acts 19:39	But if you inquire any thing concerning other matters, it shall be determined in a lawful assembly.
2 Samuel 23:1	Now these be the last words of David. David the son of Jesse said, and the man who was raised up on high, the anointed of the God of Jacob, and the sweet psalmist of Israel, said,
Job 23:17	Because I was not cut off before the darkness, neither has he covered the darkness from my face.
Genesis 42:27	And as one of them opened his sack to give his ass provender in the inn, he espied his money; for, behold, it was in his sack’s mouth.
Psalm 80:9	You prepared room before it, and did cause it to take deep root, and it filled the land.
Daniel 4:18	This dream I king Nebuchadnezzar have seen. Now you, O Belteshazzar, declare the interpretation thereof, for as much as all the wise men of my kingdom are not able to make known to me the interpretation: but you are able; for the spirit of the holy gods is in you.
Hebrews 3:13	But exhort one another daily, while it is called To day; lest any of you be hardened through the deceitfulness of sin.
2 Chronicles 32:12	Has not the same Hezekiah taken away his high places and his altars, and commanded Judah and Jerusalem, saying, You shall worship before one altar, and burn incense on it?
Joshua 1:14	Your wives, your little ones, and your cattle, shall remain in the land which Moses gave you on this side Jordan; but you shall pass before your brothers armed, all the mighty men of valor, and help them;
Acts 2:3	And there appeared to them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat on each of them.
Esther 1:8	And the drinking was according to the law; none did compel: for so the king had appointed to all the officers of his house, that they should do according to every man’s pleasure.
1 Corinthians 3:8	Now he that plants and he that waters are one: and every man shall receive his own reward according to his own labor.
Daniel 7:4	The first was like a lion, and had eagle’s wings: I beheld till the wings thereof were plucked, and it was lifted up from the earth, and made stand on the feet as a man, and a man’s heart was given to it.
Amos 5:6	Seek the LORD, and you shall live; lest he break out like fire in the house of Joseph, and devour it, and there be none to quench it in Bethel.
Leviticus 22:8	That which dies of itself, or is torn with beasts, he shall not eat to defile himself therewith; I am the LORD.
Isaiah 26:5	For he brings down them that dwell on high; the lofty city, he lays it low; he lays it low, even to the ground; he brings it even to the dust.
Numbers 20:18	And Edom said to him, You shall not pass by me, lest I come out against you with the sword.
Ezekiel 29:19	Therefore thus said the Lord GOD; Behold, I will give the land of Egypt to Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon; and he shall take her multitude, and take her spoil, and take her prey; and it shall be the wages for his army.
Matthew 14:33	Then they that were in the ship came and worshipped him, saying, Of a truth you are the Son of God.
Exodus 21:15	And he that smites his father, or his mother, shall be surely put to death.
Exodus 20:1	And God spoke all these words, saying,
Song of Solomon 6:13	Return, return, O Shulamite; return, return, that we may look on you. What will you see in the Shulamite? As it were the company of two armies.
Judges 5:15	And the princes of Issachar were with Deborah; even Issachar, and also Barak: he was sent on foot into the valley. For the divisions of Reuben there were great thoughts of heart.
Acts 25:19	But had certain questions against him of their own superstition, and of one Jesus, which was dead, whom Paul affirmed to be alive.
1 Kings 12:14	And spoke to them after the counsel of the young men, saying, My father made your yoke heavy, and I will add to your yoke: my father also chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.
2 Corinthians 10:10	For his letters, say they, are weighty and powerful; but his bodily presence is weak, and his speech contemptible.
Psalm 119:89	For ever, O LORD, your word is settled in heaven.
Numbers 7:54	On the eighth day offered Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur, prince of the children of Manasseh:
Hosea 13:9	O Israel, you have destroyed yourself; but in me is your help.
Hosea 11:6	And the sword shall abide on his cities, and shall consume his branches, and devour them, because of their own counsels.
Matthew 11:11	Truly I say to you, Among them that are born of women there has not risen a greater than John the Baptist: notwithstanding he that is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he.
Jeremiah 51:12	Set up the standard on the walls of Babylon, make the watch strong, set up the watchmen, prepare the ambushes: for the LORD has both devised and done that which he spoke against the inhabitants of Babylon.
Jeremiah 9:9	Shall I not visit them for these things? said the LORD: shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as this?
Jeremiah 9:6	Your habitation is in the middle of deceit; through deceit they refuse to know me, said the LORD.
1 Corinthians 16:4	And if it be meet that I go also, they shall go with me.
Luke 13:24	Strive to enter in at the strait gate: for many, I say to you, will seek to enter in, and shall not be able.
Esther 1:7	And they gave them drink in vessels of gold, (the vessels being diverse one from another,) and royal wine in abundance, according to the state of the king.
2 Chronicles 31:6	And concerning the children of Israel and Judah, that dwelled in the cities of Judah, they also brought in the tithe of oxen and sheep, and the tithe of holy things which were consecrated to the LORD their God, and laid them by heaps.
Acts 7:17	But when the time of the promise drew near, which God had sworn to Abraham, the people grew and multiplied in Egypt,
Isaiah 6:1	In the year that king Uzziah died I saw also the LORD sitting on a throne, high and lifted up, and his train filled the temple.
1 Chronicles 5:12	Joel the chief, and Shapham the next, and Jaanai, and Shaphat in Bashan.
Isaiah 45:13	I have raised him up in righteousness, and I will direct all his ways: he shall build my city, and he shall let go my captives, not for price nor reward, said the LORD of hosts.
Psalm 10:9	He lies in wait secretly as a lion in his den: he lies in wait to catch the poor: he does catch the poor, when he draws him into his net.
Isaiah 29:22	Therefore thus said the LORD, who redeemed Abraham, concerning the house of Jacob, Jacob shall not now be ashamed, neither shall his face now wax pale.
Ezekiel 40:23	And the gate of the inner court was over against the gate toward the north, and toward the east; and he measured from gate to gate an hundred cubits.
2 Samuel 2:20	Then Abner looked behind him, and said, Are you Asahel? And he answered, I am.
Genesis 11:26	And Terah lived seventy years, and begat Abram, Nahor, and Haran.
Leviticus 23:25	You shall do no servile work therein: but you shall offer an offering made by fire to the LORD.
Romans 5:10	For if, when we were enemies, we were reconciled to God by the death of his Son, much more, being reconciled, we shall be saved by his life.
Deuteronomy 28:66	And your life shall hang in doubt before you; and you shall fear day and night, and shall have none assurance of your life:
Psalm 59:14	And at evening let them return; and let them make a noise like a dog, and go round about the city.
Psalm 49:11	Their inward thought is, that their houses shall continue for ever, and their dwelling places to all generations; they call their lands after their own names.
Obadiah 1:15	For the day of the LORD is near on all the heathen: as you have done, it shall be done to you: your reward shall return on your own head.
Acts 9:19	And when he had received meat, he was strengthened. Then was Saul certain days with the disciples which were at Damascus.
2 Corinthians 8:20	Avoiding this, that no man should blame us in this abundance which is administered by us:
2 Kings 6:18	And when they came down to him, Elisha prayed to the LORD, and said, Smite this people, I pray you, with blindness. And he smote them with blindness according to the word of Elisha.
Job 34:21	For his eyes are on the ways of man, and he sees all his goings.
Genesis 42:12	And he said to them, No, but to see the nakedness of the land you are come.
Psalm 33:6	By the word of the LORD were the heavens made; and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth.
Job 17:4	For you have hid their heart from understanding: therefore shall you not exalt them.
Deuteronomy 14:28	At the end of three years you shall bring forth all the tithe of your increase the same year, and shall lay it up within your gates:
2 Kings 4:6	And it came to pass, when the vessels were full, that she said to her son, Bring me yet a vessel. And he said to her, There is not a vessel more. And the oil stayed.
Psalm 44:11	You have given us like sheep appointed for meat; and have scattered us among the heathen.
Psalm 107:9	For he satisfies the longing soul, and fills the hungry soul with goodness.
Matthew 10:32	Whoever therefore shall confess me before men, him will I confess also before my Father which is in heaven.
2 Kings 4:26	Run now, I pray you, to meet her, and say to her, Is it well with you? is it well with your husband? is it well with the child? And she answered, It is well:
Ezekiel 3:22	And the hand of the LORD was there on me; and he said to me, Arise, go forth into the plain, and I will there talk with you.
Genesis 41:38	And Pharaoh said to his servants, Can we find such a one as this is, a man in whom the Spirit of God is?
1 Chronicles 13:11	And David was displeased, because the LORD had made a breach on Uzza: why that place is called Perezuzza to this day.
Ezra 5:3	At the same time came to them Tatnai, governor on this side the river, and Shetharboznai and their companions, and said thus to them, Who has commanded you to build this house, and to make up this wall?
1 Corinthians 7:3	Let the husband render to the wife due benevolence: and likewise also the wife to the husband.
2 Kings 13:12	And the rest of the acts of Joash, and all that he did, and his might with which he fought against Amaziah king of Judah, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
Acts 12:1	Now about that time Herod the king stretched forth his hands to vex certain of the church.
1 Kings 13:29	And the prophet took up the carcass of the man of God, and laid it on the ass, and brought it back: and the old prophet came to the city, to mourn and to bury him.
Mark 10:15	Truly I say to you, Whoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child, he shall not enter therein.
Acts 15:10	Now therefore why tempt you God, to put a yoke on the neck of the disciples, which neither our fathers nor we were able to bear?
Job 5:10	Who gives rain on the earth, and sends waters on the fields:
1 Corinthians 16:6	And it may be that I will abide, yes, and winter with you, that you may bring me on my journey wherever I go.
Proverbs 12:15	The way of a fool is right in his own eyes: but he that listens to counsel is wise.
Matthew 26:1	And it came to pass, when Jesus had finished all these sayings, he said to his disciples,
Isaiah 41:7	So the carpenter encouraged the goldsmith, and he that smoothes with the hammer him that smote the anvil, saying, It is ready for the soldering: and he fastened it with nails, that it should not be moved.
Isaiah 65:15	And you shall leave your name for a curse to my chosen: for the Lord GOD shall slay you, and call his servants by another name:
Ezekiel 8:18	Therefore will I also deal in fury: my eye shall not spare, neither will I have pity: and though they cry in my ears with a loud voice, yet will I not hear them.
Acts 9:18	And immediately there fell from his eyes as it had been scales: and he received sight immediately, and arose, and was baptized.
Luke 24:22	Yes, and certain women also of our company made us astonished, which were early at the sepulcher;
1 Chronicles 27:15	The twelfth captain for the twelfth month was Heldai the Netophathite, of Othniel: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
2 Samuel 5:10	And David went on, and grew great, and the LORD God of hosts was with him.
1 Samuel 19:18	So David fled, and escaped, and came to Samuel to Ramah, and told him all that Saul had done to him. And he and Samuel went and dwelled in Naioth.
Ezekiel 22:17	And the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Judges 2:9	And they buried him in the border of his inheritance in Timnathheres, in the mount of Ephraim, on the north side of the hill Gaash.
Job 33:12	Behold, in this you are not just: I will answer you, that God is greater than man.
Ezekiel 27:1	The word of the LORD came again to me, saying,
Job 29:3	When his candle shined on my head, and when by his light I walked through darkness;
Luke 20:42	And David himself said in the book of Psalms, The LORD said to my Lord, Sit you on my right hand,
Revelation 5:7	And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat on the throne.
2 Samuel 22:18	He delivered me from my strong enemy, and from them that hated me: for they were too strong for me.
Mark 9:42	And whoever shall offend one of these little ones that believe in me, it is better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and he were cast into the sea.
2 Chronicles 9:7	Happy are your men, and happy are these your servants, which stand continually before you, and hear your wisdom.
2 Chronicles 29:20	Then Hezekiah the king rose early, and gathered the rulers of the city, and went up to the house of the LORD.
Ezekiel 12:11	Say, I am your sign: like as I have done, so shall it be done to them: they shall remove and go into captivity.
Psalm 141:6	When their judges are overthrown in stony places, they shall hear my words; for they are sweet.
Acts 16:23	And when they had laid many stripes on them, they cast them into prison, charging the jailor to keep them safely:
1 Corinthians 8:4	As concerning therefore the eating of those things that are offered in sacrifice to idols, we know that an idol is nothing in the world, and that there is none other God but one.
Leviticus 7:20	But the soul that eats of the flesh of the sacrifice of peace offerings, that pertain to the LORD, having his uncleanness on him, even that soul shall be cut off from his people.
Proverbs 25:15	By long forbearing is a prince persuaded, and a soft tongue breaks the bone.
Psalm 90:16	Let your work appear to your servants, and your glory to their children.
Deuteronomy 17:7	The hands of the witnesses shall be first on him to put him to death, and afterward the hands of all the people. So you shall put the evil away from among you.
Job 3:23	Why is light given to a man whose way is hid, and whom God has hedged in?
Numbers 12:10	And the cloud departed from off the tabernacle; and, behold, Miriam became leprous, white as snow: and Aaron looked on Miriam, and, behold, she was leprous.
Galatians 1:24	And they glorified God in me.
Nehemiah 10:7	Meshullam, Abijah, Mijamin,
Numbers 8:10	And you shall bring the Levites before the LORD: and the children of Israel shall put their hands on the Levites:
1 Samuel 1:12	And it came to pass, as she continued praying before the LORD, that Eli marked her mouth.
1 Kings 18:39	And when all the people saw it, they fell on their faces: and they said, The LORD, he is the God; the LORD, he is the God.
Psalm 37:24	Though he fall, he shall not be utterly cast down: for the LORD upholds him with his hand.
John 3:7	Marvel not that I said to you, You must be born again.
Acts 7:48	However, the most High dwells not in temples made with hands; as said the prophet,
Deuteronomy 4:33	Did ever people hear the voice of God speaking out of the middle of the fire, as you have heard, and live?
Ezekiel 40:43	And within were hooks, an hand broad, fastened round about: and on the tables was the flesh of the offering.
Genesis 43:11	And their father Israel said to them, If it must be so now, do this; take of the best fruits in the land in your vessels, and carry down the man a present, a little balm, and a little honey, spices, and myrrh, nuts, and almonds:
Proverbs 5:19	Let her be as the loving hind and pleasant roe; let her breasts satisfy you at all times; and be you ravished always with her love.
Ezekiel 48:4	And by the border of Naphtali, from the east side to the west side, a portion for Manasseh.
Acts 9:43	And it came to pass, that he tarried many days in Joppa with one Simon a tanner.
Psalm 59:15	Let them wander up and down for meat, and grudge if they be not satisfied.
Deuteronomy 20:15	Thus shall you do to all the cities which are very far off from you, which are not of the cities of these nations.
Judges 10:9	Moreover the children of Ammon passed over Jordan to fight also against Judah, and against Benjamin, and against the house of Ephraim; so that Israel was sore distressed.
Isaiah 17:8	And he shall not look to the altars, the work of his hands, neither shall respect that which his fingers have made, either the groves, or the images.
Isaiah 11:6	The wolf also shall dwell with the lamb, and the leopard shall lie down with the kid; and the calf and the young lion and the fatted calf together; and a little child shall lead them.
Joshua 14:5	As the LORD commanded Moses, so the children of Israel did, and they divided the land.
Judges 14:12	And Samson said to them, I will now put forth a riddle to you: if you can certainly declare it me within the seven days of the feast, and find it out, then I will give you thirty sheets and thirty change of garments:
Exodus 9:17	As yet exalt you yourself against my people, that you will not let them go?
Psalm 37:31	The law of his God is in his heart; none of his steps shall slide.
John 9:25	He answered and said, Whether he be a sinner or no, I know not: one thing I know, that, whereas I was blind, now I see.
Jeremiah 48:20	Moab is confounded; for it is broken down: howl and cry; tell you it in Arnon, that Moab is spoiled,
2 Kings 1:11	Again also he sent to him another captain of fifty with his fifty. And he answered and said to him, O man of God, thus has the king said, Come down quickly.
2 Chronicles 7:8	Also at the same time Solomon kept the feast seven days, and all Israel with him, a very great congregation, from the entering in of Hamath to the river of Egypt.
Leviticus 19:7	And if it be eaten at all on the third day, it is abominable; it shall not be accepted.
1 Peter 2:8	And a stone of stumbling, and a rock of offense, even to them which stumble at the word, being disobedient: whereunto also they were appointed.
Psalm 106:5	That I may see the good of your chosen, that I may rejoice in the gladness of your nation, that I may glory with your inheritance.
2 Kings 4:22	And she called to her husband, and said, Send me, I pray you, one of the young men, and one of the asses, that I may run to the man of God, and come again.
2 Samuel 6:10	So David would not remove the ark of the LORD to him into the city of David: but David carried it aside into the house of Obededom the Gittite.
1 Samuel 21:8	And David said to Ahimelech, And is there not here under your hand spear or sword? for I have neither brought my sword nor my weapons with me, because the king’s business required haste.
Psalm 59:2	Deliver me from the workers of iniquity, and save me from bloody men.
Ezra 5:15	And said to him, Take these vessels, go, carry them into the temple that is in Jerusalem, and let the house of God be built in his place.
Exodus 38:30	And therewith he made the sockets to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and the brazen altar, and the brazen grate for it, and all the vessels of the altar,
Ezekiel 43:4	And the glory of the LORD came into the house by the way of the gate whose prospect is toward the east.
2 Thessalonians 3:12	Now them that are such we command and exhort by our Lord Jesus Christ, that with quietness they work, and eat their own bread.
Psalm 107:4	They wandered in the wilderness in a solitary way; they found no city to dwell in.
Genesis 9:26	And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant.
Mark 14:41	And he comes the third time, and said to them, Sleep on now, and take your rest: it is enough, the hour is come; behold, the Son of man is betrayed into the hands of sinners.
Judges 5:1	Then sang Deborah and Barak the son of Abinoam on that day, saying,
Genesis 32:13	And he lodged there that same night; and took of that which came to his hand a present for Esau his brother;
Psalm 119:149	Hear my voice according to your loving kindness: O LORD, quicken me according to your judgment.
Psalm 128:4	Behold, that thus shall the man be blessed that fears the LORD.
Ruth 4:9	And Boaz said to the elders, and to all the people, You are witnesses this day, that I have bought all that was Elimelech’s, and all that was Chilion’s and Mahlon’s, of the hand of Naomi.
Job 19:16	I called my servant, and he gave me no answer; I entreated him with my mouth.
2 Samuel 17:3	And I will bring back all the people to you: the man whom you seek is as if all returned: so all the people shall be in peace.
Job 10:3	Is it good to you that you should oppress, that you should despise the work of your hands, and shine on the counsel of the wicked?
1 Samuel 8:7	And the LORD said to Samuel, Listen to the voice of the people in all that they say to you: for they have not rejected you, but they have rejected me, that I should not reign over them.
1 Kings 1:23	And they told the king, saying, Behold Nathan the prophet. And when he was come in before the king, he bowed himself before the king with his face to the ground.
Job 41:33	On earth there is not his like, who is made without fear.
2 Corinthians 7:5	For, when we were come into Macedonia, our flesh had no rest, but we were troubled on every side; without were fights, within were fears.
1 Samuel 15:6	And Saul said to the Kenites, Go, depart, get you down from among the Amalekites, lest I destroy you with them: for you showed kindness to all the children of Israel, when they came up out of Egypt. So the Kenites departed from among the Amalekites.
Genesis 11:28	And Haran died before his father Terah in the land of his nativity, in Ur of the Chaldees.
Job 30:1	But now they that are younger than I have me in derision, whose fathers I would have disdained to have set with the dogs of my flock.
John 4:39	And many of the Samaritans of that city believed on him for the saying of the woman, which testified, He told me all that ever I did.
Ezra 9:14	Should we again break your commandments, and join in affinity with the people of these abominations? would not you be angry with us till you had consumed us, so that there should be no remnant nor escaping?
Matthew 11:12	And from the days of John the Baptist until now the kingdom of heaven suffers violence, and the violent take it by force.
Revelation 22:13	I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last.
Ecclesiastes 1:2	Vanity of vanities, said the Preacher, vanity of vanities; all is vanity.
Numbers 32:42	And Nobah went and took Kenath, and the villages thereof, and called it Nobah, after his own name.
Isaiah 25:5	You shall bring down the noise of strangers, as the heat in a dry place; even the heat with the shadow of a cloud: the branch of the terrible ones shall be brought low.
Psalm 68:27	There is little Benjamin with their ruler, the princes of Judah and their council, the princes of Zebulun, and the princes of Naphtali.
1 Kings 2:25	And king Solomon sent by the hand of Benaiah the son of Jehoiada; and he fell on him that he died.
Revelation 10:3	And cried with a loud voice, as when a lion roars: and when he had cried, seven thunders uttered their voices.
Jeremiah 46:23	They shall cut down her forest, said the LORD, though it cannot be searched; because they are more than the grasshoppers, and are innumerable.
Psalm 119:152	Concerning your testimonies, I have known of old that you have founded them for ever.
Genesis 18:27	And Abraham answered and said, Behold now, I have taken on me to speak to the LORD, which am but dust and ashes:
Genesis 14:18	And Melchizedek king of Salem brought forth bread and wine: and he was the priest of the most high God.
Colossians 1:16	For by him were all things created, that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or powers: all things were created by him, and for him:
Psalm 9:3	When my enemies are turned back, they shall fall and perish at your presence.
Nehemiah 3:12	And next to him repaired Shallum the son of Halohesh, the ruler of the half part of Jerusalem, he and his daughters.
Matthew 21:28	But what think you? A certain man had two sons; and he came to the first, and said, Son, go work to day in my vineyard.
2 Kings 11:20	And all the people of the land rejoiced, and the city was in quiet: and they slew Athaliah with the sword beside the king’s house.
1 Kings 22:53	For he served Baal, and worshipped him, and provoked to anger the LORD God of Israel, according to all that his father had done.
Genesis 10:21	To Shem also, the father of all the children of Eber, the brother of Japheth the elder, even to him were children born.
Jeremiah 44:21	The incense that you burned in the cities of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem, you, and your fathers, your kings, and your princes, and the people of the land, did not the LORD remember them, and came it not into his mind?
Isaiah 1:15	And when you spread forth your hands, I will hide my eyes from you: yes, when you make many prayers, I will not hear: your hands are full of blood.
Numbers 5:17	And the priest shall take holy water in an earthen vessel; and of the dust that is in the floor of the tabernacle the priest shall take, and put it into the water:
Revelation 13:17	And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name.
Numbers 8:16	For they are wholly given to me from among the children of Israel; instead of such as open every womb, even instead of the firstborn of all the children of Israel, have I taken them to me.
Genesis 37:27	Come, and let us sell him to the Ishmeelites, and let not our hand be on him; for he is our brother and our flesh. And his brothers were content.
2 Chronicles 34:21	Go, inquire of the LORD for me, and for them that are left in Israel and in Judah, concerning the words of the book that is found: for great is the wrath of the LORD that is poured out on us, because our fathers have not kept the word of the LORD, to do after all that is written in this book.
Philippians 4:6	Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known to God.
Isaiah 2:21	To go into the clefts of the rocks, and into the tops of the ragged rocks, for fear of the LORD, and for the glory of his majesty, when he rises to shake terribly the earth.
Acts 26:31	And when they were gone aside, they talked between themselves, saying, This man does nothing worthy of death or of bonds.
Psalm 89:25	I will set his hand also in the sea, and his right hand in the rivers.
Ezekiel 20:34	And I will bring you out from the people, and will gather you out of the countries wherein you are scattered, with a mighty hand, and with a stretched out arm, and with fury poured out.
Proverbs 21:1	The king’s heart is in the hand of the LORD, as the rivers of water: he turns it wherever he will.
1 Kings 17:1	And Elijah the Tishbite, who was of the inhabitants of Gilead, said to Ahab, As the LORD God of Israel lives, before whom I stand, there shall not be dew nor rain these years, but according to my word.
Romans 2:11	For there is no respect of persons with God.
Numbers 2:2	Every man of the children of Israel shall pitch by his own standard, with the ensign of their father’s house: far off about the tabernacle of the congregation shall they pitch.
Acts 28:23	And when they had appointed him a day, there came many to him into his lodging; to whom he expounded and testified the kingdom of God, persuading them concerning Jesus, both out of the law of Moses, and out of the prophets, from morning till evening.
Numbers 34:17	These are the names of the men which shall divide the land to you: Eleazar the priest, and Joshua the son of Nun.
Deuteronomy 30:12	It is not in heaven, that you should say, Who shall go up for us to heaven, and bring it to us, that we may hear it, and do it?
John 10:37	If I do not the works of my Father, believe me not.
Acts 15:35	Paul also and Barnabas continued in Antioch, teaching and preaching the word of the Lord, with many others also.
2 Kings 19:5	So the servants of king Hezekiah came to Isaiah.
Acts 23:28	And when I would have known the cause why they accused him, I brought him forth into their council:
2 Chronicles 6:40	Now, my God, let, I beseech you, your eyes be open, and let your ears be attentive to the prayer that is made in this place.
Luke 11:36	If your whole body therefore be full of light, having no part dark, the whole shall be full of light, as when the bright shining of a candle does give you light.
Proverbs 20:18	Every purpose is established by counsel: and with good advice make war.
Psalm 136:5	To him that by wisdom made the heavens: for his mercy endures for ever.
1 Kings 11:18	And they arose out of Midian, and came to Paran: and they took men with them out of Paran, and they came to Egypt, to Pharaoh king of Egypt; which gave him an house, and appointed him victuals, and gave him land.
Proverbs 29:6	In the transgression of an evil man there is a snare: but the righteous does sing and rejoice.
1 Kings 15:23	The rest of all the acts of Asa, and all his might, and all that he did, and the cities which he built, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah? Nevertheless in the time of his old age he was diseased in his feet.
Luke 22:31	And the Lord said, Simon, Simon, behold, Satan has desired to have you, that he may sift you as wheat:
Numbers 31:43	(Now the half that pertained to the congregation was three hundred thousand and thirty thousand and seven thousand and five hundred sheep,
Job 5:14	They meet with darkness in the day time, and grope in the noonday as in the night.
Isaiah 39:7	And of your sons that shall issue from you, which you shall beget, shall they take away; and they shall be eunuchs in the palace of the king of Babylon.
Ezekiel 17:8	It was planted in a good soil by great waters, that it might bring forth branches, and that it might bear fruit, that it might be a goodly vine.
Psalm 1:2	But his delight is in the law of the LORD; and in his law does he meditate day and night.
Ezekiel 36:2	Thus said the Lord GOD; Because the enemy has said against you, Aha, even the ancient high places are ours in possession:
Joshua 6:18	And you, in any wise keep yourselves from the accursed thing, lest you make yourselves accursed, when you take of the accursed thing, and make the camp of Israel a curse, and trouble it.
1 Chronicles 25:8	And they cast lots, ward against ward, as well the small as the great, the teacher as the scholar.
Hebrews 8:3	For every high priest is ordained to offer gifts and sacrifices: why it is of necessity that this man have somewhat also to offer.
1 Thessalonians 3:4	For truly, when we were with you, we told you before that we should suffer tribulation; even as it came to pass, and you know.
Genesis 37:1	And Jacob dwelled in the land wherein his father was a stranger, in the land of Canaan.
Deuteronomy 29:3	The great temptations which your eyes have seen, the signs, and those great miracles:
Joshua 8:33	And all Israel, and their elders, and officers, and their judges, stood on this side the ark and on that side before the priests the Levites, which bore the ark of the covenant of the LORD, as well the stranger, as he that was born among them; half of them over against mount Gerizim, and half of them over against mount Ebal; as Moses the servant of the LORD had commanded before, that they should bless the people of Israel.
Genesis 1:4	And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness.
Ecclesiastes 8:3	Be not hasty to go out of his sight: stand not in an evil thing; for he does whatever pleases him.
Genesis 4:12	When you till the ground, it shall not from now on yield to you her strength; a fugitive and a vagabond shall you be in the earth.
Hosea 11:4	I drew them with cords of a man, with bands of love: and I was to them as they that take off the yoke on their jaws, and I laid meat to them.
Exodus 30:2	A cubit shall be the length thereof, and a cubit the breadth thereof; foursquare shall it be: and two cubits shall be the height thereof: the horns thereof shall be of the same.
Proverbs 5:21	For the ways of man are before the eyes of the LORD, and he ponders all his goings.
Revelation 15:5	And after that I looked, and, behold, the temple of the tabernacle of the testimony in heaven was opened:
Ezekiel 21:20	Appoint a way, that the sword may come to Rabbath of the Ammonites, and to Judah in Jerusalem the defended.
Proverbs 30:24	There be four things which are little on the earth, but they are exceeding wise:
1 Corinthians 2:14	But the natural man receives not the things of the Spirit of God: for they are foolishness to him: neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned.
2 Chronicles 34:33	And Josiah took away all the abominations out of all the countries that pertained to the children of Israel, and made all that were present in Israel to serve, even to serve the LORD their God. And all his days they departed not from following the LORD, the God of their fathers.
1 Chronicles 7:35	And the sons of his brother Helem; Zophah, and Imna, and Shelesh, and Amal.
1 Kings 18:36	And it came to pass at the time of the offering of the evening sacrifice, that Elijah the prophet came near, and said, LORD God of Abraham, Isaac, and of Israel, let it be known this day that you are God in Israel, and that I am your servant, and that I have done all these things at your word.
Job 34:19	How much less to him that accepts not the persons of princes, nor regards the rich more than the poor? for they all are the work of his hands.
Psalm 35:22	This you have seen, O LORD: keep not silence: O Lord, be not far from me.
2 Kings 5:23	And Naaman said, Be content, take two talents. And he urged him, and bound two talents of silver in two bags, with two changes of garments, and laid them on two of his servants; and they bore them before him.
Jeremiah 25:20	And all the mingled people, and all the kings of the land of Uz, and all the kings of the land of the Philistines, and Ashkelon, and Azzah, and Ekron, and the remnant of Ashdod,
Ephesians 1:17	That the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give to you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him:
Exodus 30:34	And the LORD said to Moses, Take to you sweet spices, stacte, and onycha, and galbanum; these sweet spices with pure frankincense: of each shall there be a like weight:
Joshua 13:4	From the south, all the land of the Canaanites, and Mearah that is beside the Sidonians to Aphek, to the borders of the Amorites:
Malachi 3:5	And I will come near to you to judgment; and I will be a swift witness against the sorcerers, and against the adulterers, and against false swearers, and against those that oppress the hireling in his wages, the widow, and the fatherless, and that turn aside the stranger from his right, and fear not me, said the LORD of hosts.
Joshua 18:23	And Avim, and Pharah, and Ophrah,
Mark 14:1	After two days was the feast of the passover, and of unleavened bread: and the chief priests and the scribes sought how they might take him by craft, and put him to death.
1 Kings 19:20	And he left the oxen, and ran after Elijah, and said, Let me, I pray you, kiss my father and my mother, and then I will follow you. And he said to him, Go back again: for what have I done to you?
Exodus 9:23	And Moses stretched forth his rod toward heaven: and the LORD sent thunder and hail, and the fire ran along on the ground; and the LORD rained hail on the land of Egypt.
Ezekiel 3:7	But the house of Israel will not listen to you; for they will not listen to me: for all the house of Israel are impudent and hardhearted.
Exodus 28:30	And you shall put in the breastplate of judgment the Urim and the Thummim; and they shall be on Aaron’s heart, when he goes in before the LORD: and Aaron shall bear the judgment of the children of Israel on his heart before the LORD continually.
Mark 15:19	And they smote him on the head with a reed, and did spit on him, and bowing their knees worshipped him.
Philippians 4:17	Not because I desire a gift: but I desire fruit that may abound to your account.
Philemon 1:19	I Paul have written it with my own hand, I will repay it: albeit I do not say to you how you owe to me even your own self besides.
Genesis 30:16	And Jacob came out of the field in the evening, and Leah went out to meet him, and said, You must come in to me; for surely I have hired you with my son’s mandrakes. And he lay with her that night.
2 Samuel 8:7	And David took the shields of gold that were on the servants of Hadadezer, and brought them to Jerusalem.
Deuteronomy 10:15	Only the LORD had a delight in your fathers to love them, and he chose their seed after them, even you above all people, as it is this day.
2 Kings 13:10	In the thirty and seventh year of Joash king of Judah began Jehoash the son of Jehoahaz to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned sixteen years.
Isaiah 7:8	For the head of Syria is Damascus, and the head of Damascus is Rezin; and within three score and five years shall Ephraim be broken, that it be not a people.
Joshua 18:25	Gibeon, and Ramah, and Beeroth,
Luke 2:13	And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising God, and saying,
Matthew 24:14	And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness to all nations; and then shall the end come.
Psalm 26:10	In whose hands is mischief, and their right hand is full of bribes.
1 Chronicles 1:19	And to Eber were born two sons: the name of the one was Peleg; because in his days the earth was divided: and his brother’s name was Joktan.
Ezekiel 4:13	And the LORD said, Even thus shall the children of Israel eat their defiled bread among the Gentiles, where I will drive them.
Acts 16:29	Then he called for a light, and sprang in, and came trembling, and fell down before Paul and Silas,
Jeremiah 5:25	Your iniquities have turned away these things, and your sins have withheld good things from you.
Jeremiah 42:2	And said to Jeremiah the prophet, Let, we beseech you, our supplication be accepted before you, and pray for us to the LORD your God, even for all this remnant; (for we are left but a few of many, as your eyes do behold us:)
Exodus 34:13	But you shall destroy their altars, break their images, and cut down their groves:
2 Chronicles 35:15	And the singers the sons of Asaph were in their place, according to the commandment of David, and Asaph, and Heman, and Jeduthun the king’s seer; and the porters waited at every gate; they might not depart from their service; for their brothers the Levites prepared for them.
Psalm 139:4	For there is not a word in my tongue, but, see, O LORD, you know it altogether.
Deuteronomy 27:5	And there shall you build an altar to the LORD your God, an altar of stones: you shall not lift up any iron tool on them.
Ephesians 5:10	Proving what is acceptable to the Lord.
2 Timothy 2:12	If we suffer, we shall also reign with him: if we deny him, he also will deny us:
John 13:33	Little children, yet a little while I am with you. You shall seek me: and as I said to the Jews, Where I go, you cannot come; so now I say to you.
Acts 10:19	While Peter thought on the vision, the Spirit said to him, Behold, three men seek you.
1 Chronicles 12:32	And of the children of Issachar, which were men that had understanding of the times, to know what Israel ought to do; the heads of them were two hundred; and all their brothers were at their commandment.
Exodus 39:16	And they made two ouches of gold, and two gold rings; and put the two rings in the two ends of the breastplate.
Psalm 46:5	God is in the middle of her; she shall not be moved: God shall help her, and that right early.
Joshua 8:17	And there was not a man left in Ai or Bethel, that went not out after Israel: and they left the city open, and pursued after Israel.
John 12:17	The people therefore that was with him when he called Lazarus out of his grave, and raised him from the dead, bore record.
Jeremiah 27:13	Why will you die, you and your people, by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence, as the LORD has spoken against the nation that will not serve the king of Babylon?
Ecclesiastes 1:7	All the rivers run into the sea; yet the sea is not full; to the place from where the rivers come, thither they return again.
2 Samuel 15:27	The king said also to Zadok the priest, Are not you a seer? return into the city in peace, and your two sons with you, Ahimaaz your son, and Jonathan the son of Abiathar.
Ezekiel 18:31	Cast away from you all your transgressions, whereby you have transgressed; and make you a new heart and a new spirit: for why will you die, O house of Israel?
Numbers 26:25	These are the families of Issachar according to those that were numbered of them, three score and four thousand and three hundred.
1 Corinthians 14:11	Therefore if I know not the meaning of the voice, I shall be to him that speaks a barbarian, and he that speaks shall be a barbarian to me.
2 Samuel 19:39	And all the people went over Jordan. And when the king was come over, the king kissed Barzillai, and blessed him; and he returned to his own place.
Ezekiel 20:42	And you shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall bring you into the land of Israel, into the country for the which I lifted up my hand to give it to your fathers.
Jeremiah 31:32	Not according to the covenant that I made with their fathers in the day that I took them by the hand to bring them out of the land of Egypt; which my covenant they broke, although I was an husband to them, said the LORD:
Isaiah 49:7	Thus said the LORD, the Redeemer of Israel, and his Holy One, to him whom man despises, to him whom the nation abhors, to a servant of rulers, Kings shall see and arise, princes also shall worship, because of the LORD that is faithful, and the Holy One of Israel, and he shall choose you.
1 Chronicles 8:19	And Jakim, and Zichri, and Zabdi,
Exodus 23:16	And the feast of harvest, the first fruits of your labors, which you have sown in the field: and the feast of ingathering, which is in the end of the year, when you have gathered in your labors out of the field.
Acts 15:32	And Judas and Silas, being prophets also themselves, exhorted the brothers with many words, and confirmed them.
Isaiah 10:13	For he said, By the strength of my hand I have done it, and by my wisdom; for I am prudent: and I have removed the bounds of the people, and have robbed their treasures, and I have put down the inhabitants like a valiant man:
Job 41:32	He makes a path to shine after him; one would think the deep to be hoary.
Revelation 2:22	Behold, I will cast her into a bed, and them that commit adultery with her into great tribulation, except they repent of their deeds.
1 Samuel 14:36	And Saul said, Let us go down after the Philistines by night, and spoil them until the morning light, and let us not leave a man of them. And they said, Do whatever seems good to you. Then said the priest, Let us draw near here to God.
2 Chronicles 6:28	If there be dearth in the land, if there be pestilence, if there be blasting, or mildew, locusts, or caterpillars; if their enemies besiege them in the cities of their land; whatever sore or whatever sickness there be:
Ezekiel 20:41	I will accept you with your sweet smell, when I bring you out from the people, and gather you out of the countries wherein you have been scattered; and I will be sanctified in you before the heathen.
Psalm 52:8	But I am like a green olive tree in the house of God: I trust in the mercy of God for ever and ever.
2 Samuel 15:32	And it came to pass, that when David was come to the top of the mount, where he worshipped God, behold, Hushai the Archite came to meet him with his coat rent, and earth on his head:
Genesis 45:11	And there will I nourish you; for yet there are five years of famine; lest you, and your household, and all that you have, come to poverty.
2 Chronicles 15:18	And he brought into the house of God the things that his father had dedicated, and that he himself had dedicated, silver, and gold, and vessels.
1 Chronicles 25:16	The ninth to Mattaniah, he, his sons, and his brothers, were twelve:
Micah 7:19	He will turn again, he will have compassion on us; he will subdue our iniquities; and you will cast all their sins into the depths of the sea.
Genesis 21:23	Now therefore swear to me here by God that you will not deal falsely with me, nor with my son, nor with my son’s son: but according to the kindness that I have done to you, you shall do to me, and to the land wherein you have sojourned.
Job 33:8	Surely you have spoken in my hearing, and I have heard the voice of your words, saying,
Numbers 35:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho, saying,
Isaiah 65:22	They shall not build, and another inhabit; they shall not plant, and another eat: for as the days of a tree are the days of my people, and my elect shall long enjoy the work of their hands.
1 Kings 13:15	Then he said to him, Come home with me, and eat bread.
Jeremiah 2:22	For though you wash you with nitre, and take you much soap, yet your iniquity is marked before me, said the Lord GOD.
James 5:20	Let him know, that he which converts the sinner from the error of his way shall save a soul from death, and shall hide a multitude of sins.
Daniel 10:20	Then said he, Know you why I come to you? and now will I return to fight with the prince of Persia: and when I am gone forth, see, the prince of Grecia shall come.
Psalm 143:5	I remember the days of old; I meditate on all your works; I muse on the work of your hands.
Deuteronomy 29:28	And the LORD rooted them out of their land in anger, and in wrath, and in great indignation, and cast them into another land, as it is this day.
John 16:6	But because I have said these things to you, sorrow has filled your heart.
Galatians 1:13	For you have heard of my conversation in time past in the Jews’ religion, how that beyond measure I persecuted the church of God, and wasted it:
Psalm 147:1	Praise you the LORD: for it is good to sing praises to our God; for it is pleasant; and praise is comely.
Psalm 136:10	To him that smote Egypt in their firstborn: for his mercy endures for ever:
Lamentations 3:55	I called on your name, O LORD, out of the low dungeon.
Job 29:10	The nobles held their peace, and their tongue stuck to the roof of their mouth.
Exodus 19:1	In the third month, when the children of Israel were gone forth out of the land of Egypt, the same day came they into the wilderness of Sinai.
Ruth 2:20	And Naomi said to her daughter in law, Blessed be he of the LORD, who has not left off his kindness to the living and to the dead. And Naomi said to her, The man is near of kin to us, one of our next kinsmen.
Romans 6:13	Neither yield you your members as instruments of unrighteousness to sin: but yield yourselves to God, as those that are alive from the dead, and your members as instruments of righteousness to God.
Genesis 28:21	So that I come again to my father’s house in peace; then shall the LORD be my God:
Exodus 22:6	If fire break out, and catch in thorns, so that the stacks of corn, or the standing corn, or the field, be consumed therewith; he that kindled the fire shall surely make restitution.
Joshua 21:27	And to the children of Gershon, of the families of the Levites, out of the other half tribe of Manasseh they gave Golan in Bashan with her suburbs, to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and Beeshterah with her suburbs; two cities.
Genesis 42:14	And Joseph said to them, That is it that I spoke to you, saying, You are spies:
Psalm 109:12	Let there be none to extend mercy to him: neither let there be any to favor his fatherless children.
Job 11:18	And you shall be secure, because there is hope; yes, you shall dig about you, and you shall take your rest in safety.
Mark 1:13	And he was there in the wilderness forty days, tempted of Satan; and was with the wild beasts; and the angels ministered to him.
Leviticus 13:21	But if the priest look on it, and, behold, there be no white hairs therein, and if it be not lower than the skin, but be somewhat dark; then the priest shall shut him up seven days:
Leviticus 8:23	And he slew it; and Moses took of the blood of it, and put it on the tip of Aaron’s right ear, and on the thumb of his right hand, and on the great toe of his right foot.
Deuteronomy 32:43	Rejoice, O you nations, with his people: for he will avenge the blood of his servants, and will render vengeance to his adversaries, and will be merciful to his land, and to his people.
Psalm 89:24	But my faithfulness and my mercy shall be with him: and in my name shall his horn be exalted.
Acts 10:30	And Cornelius said, Four days ago I was fasting until this hour; and at the ninth hour I prayed in my house, and, behold, a man stood before me in bright clothing,
Revelation 14:13	And I heard a voice from heaven saying to me, Write, Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord from now on: Yes, said the Spirit, that they may rest from their labors; and their works do follow them.
2 Samuel 17:21	And it came to pass, after they were departed, that they came up out of the well, and went and told king David, and said to David, Arise, and pass quickly over the water: for thus has Ahithophel counceled against you.
Numbers 32:22	And the land be subdued before the LORD: then afterward you shall return, and be guiltless before the LORD, and before Israel; and this land shall be your possession before the LORD.
Acts 2:27	Because you will not leave my soul in hell, neither will you suffer your Holy One to see corruption.
2 Kings 12:1	In the seventh year of Jehu Jehoash began to reign; and forty years reigned he in Jerusalem. And his mother’s name was Zibiah of Beersheba.
Numbers 29:2	And you shall offer a burnt offering for a sweet smell to the LORD; one young bullock, one ram, and seven lambs of the first year without blemish:
Matthew 5:27	You have heard that it was said by them of old time, You shall not commit adultery:
Nehemiah 7:68	Their horses, seven hundred thirty and six: their mules, two hundred forty and five:
1 Samuel 14:21	Moreover the Hebrews that were with the Philistines before that time, which went up with them into the camp from the country round about, even they also turned to be with the Israelites that were with Saul and Jonathan.
Leviticus 17:8	And you shall say to them, Whatever man there be of the house of Israel, or of the strangers which sojourn among you, that offers a burnt offering or sacrifice,
1 Chronicles 4:33	And all their villages that were round about the same cities, to Baal. These were their habitations, and their genealogy.
Ezra 8:28	And I said to them, You are holy to the LORD; the vessels are holy also; and the silver and the gold are a freewill offering to the LORD God of your fathers.
Job 33:25	His flesh shall be fresher than a child’s: he shall return to the days of his youth:
Deuteronomy 32:7	Remember the days of old, consider the years of many generations: ask your father, and he will show you; your elders, and they will tell you.
Leviticus 16:22	And the goat shall bear on him all their iniquities to a land not inhabited: and he shall let go the goat in the wilderness.
John 8:7	So when they continued asking him, he lifted up himself, and said to them, He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her.
Luke 21:23	But woe to them that are with child, and to them that give suck, in those days! for there shall be great distress in the land, and wrath on this people.
Exodus 39:18	And the two ends of the two wreathen chains they fastened in the two ouches, and put them on the shoulder pieces of the ephod, before it.
2 Kings 14:2	He was twenty and five years old when he began to reign, and reigned twenty and nine years in Jerusalem. And his mother’s name was Jehoaddan of Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 11:21	Who smote Abimelech the son of Jerubbesheth? did not a woman cast a piece of a millstone on him from the wall, that he died in Thebez? why went you near the wall? then say you, Your servant Uriah the Hittite is dead also.
Genesis 39:9	There is none greater in this house than I; neither has he kept back any thing from me but you, because you are his wife: how then can I do this great wickedness, and sin against God?
Jeremiah 2:25	Withhold your foot from being unshod, and your throat from thirst: but you said, There is no hope: no; for I have loved strangers, and after them will I go.
Jeremiah 36:20	And they went in to the king into the court, but they laid up the roll in the chamber of Elishama the scribe, and told all the words in the ears of the king.
Genesis 7:14	They, and every beast after his kind, and all the cattle after their kind, and every creeping thing that creeps on the earth after his kind, and every fowl after his kind, every bird of every sort.
Acts 3:8	And he leaping up stood, and walked, and entered with them into the temple, walking, and leaping, and praising God.
Ecclesiastes 2:21	For there is a man whose labor is in wisdom, and in knowledge, and in equity; yet to a man that has not labored therein shall he leave it for his portion. This also is vanity and a great evil.
Isaiah 19:22	And the LORD shall smite Egypt: he shall smite and heal it: and they shall return even to the LORD, and he shall be entreated of them, and shall heal them.
Job 27:16	Though he heap up silver as the dust, and prepare raiment as the clay;
Numbers 7:50	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:
Jeremiah 31:12	Therefore they shall come and sing in the height of Zion, and shall flow together to the goodness of the LORD, for wheat, and for wine, and for oil, and for the young of the flock and of the herd: and their soul shall be as a watered garden; and they shall not sorrow any more at all.
1 Samuel 25:26	Now therefore, my lord, as the LORD lives, and as your soul lives, seeing the LORD has withheld you from coming to shed blood, and from avenging yourself with your own hand, now let your enemies, and they that seek evil to my lord, be as Nabal.
Psalm 71:4	Deliver me, O my God, out of the hand of the wicked, out of the hand of the unrighteous and cruel man.
Ezekiel 20:9	But I worked for my name’s sake, that it should not be polluted before the heathen, among whom they were, in whose sight I made myself known to them, in bringing them forth out of the land of Egypt.
Luke 8:4	And when much people were gathered together, and were come to him out of every city, he spoke by a parable:
1 Corinthians 10:10	Neither murmur you, as some of them also murmured, and were destroyed of the destroyer.
Isaiah 13:2	Lift you up a banner on the high mountain, exalt the voice to them, shake the hand, that they may go into the gates of the nobles.
John 11:24	Martha said to him, I know that he shall rise again in the resurrection at the last day.
Judges 16:2	And it was told the Gazites, saying, Samson is come here. And they compassed him in, and laid wait for him all night in the gate of the city, and were quiet all the night, saying, In the morning, when it is day, we shall kill him.
2 Chronicles 17:4	But sought to the Lord God of his father, and walked in his commandments, and not after the doings of Israel.
Acts 13:3	And when they had fasted and prayed, and laid their hands on them, they sent them away.
Jeremiah 11:4	Which I commanded your fathers in the day that I brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, from the iron furnace, saying, Obey my voice, and do them, according to all which I command you: so shall you be my people, and I will be your God:
1 Samuel 23:5	So David and his men went to Keilah, and fought with the Philistines, and brought away their cattle, and smote them with a great slaughter. So David saved the inhabitants of Keilah.
John 13:4	He rises from supper, and laid aside his garments; and took a towel, and girded himself.
Psalm 28:3	Draw me not away with the wicked, and with the workers of iniquity, which speak peace to their neighbors, but mischief is in their hearts.
Genesis 34:2	And when Shechem the son of Hamor the Hivite, prince of the country, saw her, he took her, and lay with her, and defiled her.
Psalm 33:21	For our heart shall rejoice in him, because we have trusted in his holy name.
Luke 21:38	And all the people came early in the morning to him in the temple, for to hear him.
Daniel 10:13	But the prince of the kingdom of Persia withstood me one and twenty days: but, see, Michael, one of the chief princes, came to help me; and I remained there with the kings of Persia.
Numbers 6:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
John 16:12	I have yet many things to say to you, but you cannot bear them now.
2 Samuel 19:21	But Abishai the son of Zeruiah answered and said, Shall not Shimei be put to death for this, because he cursed the LORD’s anointed?
Ezra 10:1	Now when Ezra had prayed, and when he had confessed, weeping and casting himself down before the house of God, there assembled to him out of Israel a very great congregation of men and women and children: for the people wept very sore.
Mark 8:31	And he began to teach them, that the Son of man must suffer many things, and be rejected of the elders, and of the chief priests, and scribes, and be killed, and after three days rise again.
Genesis 49:2	Gather yourselves together, and hear, you sons of Jacob; and listen to Israel your father.
Matthew 16:3	And in the morning, It will be foul weather to day: for the sky is red and lowering. O you hypocrites, you can discern the face of the sky; but can you not discern the signs of the times?
Isaiah 66:11	That you may suck, and be satisfied with the breasts of her consolations; that you may milk out, and be delighted with the abundance of her glory.
Psalm 112:1	Praise you the LORD. Blessed is the man that fears the LORD, that delights greatly in his commandments.
Judges 11:32	So Jephthah passed over to the children of Ammon to fight against them; and the LORD delivered them into his hands.
Numbers 35:6	And among the cities which you shall give to the Levites there shall be six cities for refuge, which you shall appoint for the manslayer, that he may flee thither: and to them you shall add forty and two cities.
Luke 14:4	And they held their peace. And he took him, and healed him, and let him go;
Joshua 21:41	All the cities of the Levites within the possession of the children of Israel were forty and eight cities with their suburbs.
Genesis 3:7	And the eyes of them both were opened, and they knew that they were naked; and they sewed fig leaves together, and made themselves aprons.
Ecclesiastes 8:7	For he knows not that which shall be: for who can tell him when it shall be?
2 Corinthians 8:13	For I mean not that other men be eased, and you burdened:
Acts 17:30	And the times of this ignorance God winked at; but now commands all men every where to repent:
Genesis 16:10	And the angel of the LORD said to her, I will multiply your seed exceedingly, that it shall not be numbered for multitude.
2 Samuel 22:30	For by you I have run through a troop: by my God have I leaped over a wall.
Numbers 30:4	And her father hear her vow, and her bond with which she has bound her soul, and her father shall hold his peace at her; then all her vows shall stand, and every bond with which she has bound her soul shall stand.
Ezra 8:20	Also of the Nethinims, whom David and the princes had appointed for the service of the Levites, two hundred and twenty Nethinims: all of them were expressed by name.
1 Samuel 7:10	And as Samuel was offering up the burnt offering, the Philistines drew near to battle against Israel: but the LORD thundered with a great thunder on that day on the Philistines, and discomfited them; and they were smitten before Israel.
2 Chronicles 28:6	For Pekah the son of Remaliah slew in Judah an hundred and twenty thousand in one day, which were all valiant men; because they had forsaken the LORD God of their fathers.
1 Samuel 20:19	And when you have stayed three days, then you shall go down quickly, and come to the place where you did hide yourself when the business was in hand, and shall remain by the stone Ezel.
1 Corinthians 5:9	I wrote to you in an letter not to company with fornicators:
John 11:34	And said, Where have you laid him? They said to him, Lord, come and see.
1 Kings 1:31	Then Bathsheba bowed with her face to the earth, and did reverence to the king, and said, Let my lord king David live for ever.
1 Samuel 3:15	And Samuel lay until the morning, and opened the doors of the house of the LORD. And Samuel feared to show Eli the vision.
2 Samuel 6:15	So David and all the house of Israel brought up the ark of the LORD with shouting, and with the sound of the trumpet.
2 Samuel 20:21	The matter is not so: but a man of mount Ephraim, Sheba the son of Bichri by name, has lifted up his hand against the king, even against David: deliver him only, and I will depart from the city. And the woman said to Joab, Behold, his head shall be thrown to you over the wall.
1 Samuel 8:3	And his sons walked not in his ways, but turned aside after lucre, and took bribes, and perverted judgment.
Luke 22:10	And he said to them, Behold, when you are entered into the city, there shall a man meet you, bearing a pitcher of water; follow him into the house where he enters in.
Matthew 1:6	And Jesse begat David the king; and David the king begat Solomon of her that had been the wife of Urias;
Psalm 51:6	Behold, you desire truth in the inward parts: and in the hidden part you shall make me to know wisdom.
Matthew 25:29	For to every one that has shall be given, and he shall have abundance: but from him that has not shall be taken away even that which he has.
2 Peter 3:11	Seeing then that all these things shall be dissolved, what manner of persons ought you to be in all holy conversation and godliness,
Deuteronomy 5:25	Now therefore why should we die? for this great fire will consume us: if we hear the voice of the LORD our God any more, then we shall die.
Exodus 40:17	And it came to pass in the first month in the second year, on the first day of the month, that the tabernacle was reared up.
Jeremiah 15:4	And I will cause them to be removed into all kingdoms of the earth, because of Manasseh the son of Hezekiah king of Judah, for that which he did in Jerusalem.
Isaiah 58:4	Behold, you fast for strife and debate, and to smite with the fist of wickedness: you shall not fast as you do this day, to make your voice to be heard on high.
Romans 9:29	And as Esaias said before, Except the Lord of Sabaoth had left us a seed, we had been as Sodoma, and been made like to Gomorrha.
Numbers 13:12	Of the tribe of Dan, Ammiel the son of Gemalli.
Philemon 1:25	The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.
Romans 6:18	Being then made free from sin, you became the servants of righteousness.
Matthew 15:19	For out of the heart proceed evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornications, thefts, false witness, blasphemies:
Jeremiah 37:14	Then said Jeremiah, It is false; I fall not away to the Chaldeans. But he listened not to him: so Irijah took Jeremiah, and brought him to the princes.
Isaiah 40:26	Lift up your eyes on high, and behold who has created these things, that brings out their host by number: he calls them all by names by the greatness of his might, for that he is strong in power; not one fails.
Leviticus 11:22	Even these of them you may eat; the locust after his kind, and the bald locust after his kind, and the beetle after his kind, and the grasshopper after his kind.
Psalm 121:5	The LORD is your keeper: the LORD is your shade on your right hand.
1 Samuel 24:11	Moreover, my father, see, yes, see the skirt of your robe in my hand: for in that I cut off the skirt of your robe, and killed you not, know you and see that there is neither evil nor transgression in my hand, and I have not sinned against you; yet you hunt my soul to take it.
Mark 1:15	And saying, The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repent you, and believe the gospel.
Ezekiel 23:25	And I will set my jealousy against you, and they shall deal furiously with you: they shall take away your nose and your ears; and your remnant shall fall by the sword: they shall take your sons and your daughters; and your residue shall be devoured by the fire.
Jeremiah 9:25	Behold, the days come, said the LORD, that I will punish all them which are circumcised with the uncircumcised;
2 Chronicles 32:30	This same Hezekiah also stopped the upper watercourse of Gihon, and brought it straight down to the west side of the city of David. And Hezekiah prospered in all his works.
John 7:13	However, no man spoke openly of him for fear of the Jews.
2 Chronicles 25:3	Now it came to pass, when the kingdom was established to him, that he slew his servants that had killed the king his father.
Jeremiah 7:25	Since the day that your fathers came forth out of the land of Egypt to this day I have even sent to you all my servants the prophets, daily rising up early and sending them:
Romans 2:20	An instructor of the foolish, a teacher of babes, which have the form of knowledge and of the truth in the law.
John 5:34	But I receive not testimony from man: but these things I say, that you might be saved.
Matthew 12:10	And, behold, there was a man which had his hand withered. And they asked him, saying, Is it lawful to heal on the sabbath days? that they might accuse him.
Judges 8:33	And it came to pass, as soon as Gideon was dead, that the children of Israel turned again, and went a whoring after Baalim, and made Baalberith their god.
Deuteronomy 1:3	And it came to pass in the fortieth year, in the eleventh month, on the first day of the month, that Moses spoke to the children of Israel, according to all that the LORD had given him in commandment to them;
Numbers 2:23	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were thirty and five thousand and four hundred.
Revelation 3:5	He that overcomes, the same shall be clothed in white raiment; and I will not blot out his name out of the book of life, but I will confess his name before my Father, and before his angels.
Ezekiel 12:1	The word of the LORD also came to me, saying,
Mark 12:20	Now there were seven brothers: and the first took a wife, and dying left no seed.
Matthew 12:31	Why I say to you, All manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven to men: but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven to men.
1 Chronicles 7:17	And the sons of Ulam; Bedan. These were the sons of Gilead, the son of Machir, the son of Manasseh.
1 Chronicles 21:30	But David could not go before it to inquire of God: for he was afraid because of the sword of the angel of the LORD.
Ezekiel 39:15	And the passengers that pass through the land, when any sees a man’s bone, then shall he set up a sign by it, till the buriers have buried it in the valley of Hamongog.
Joshua 6:4	And seven priests shall bear before the ark seven trumpets of rams’ horns: and the seventh day you shall compass the city seven times, and the priests shall blow with the trumpets.
Psalm 58:1	Do you indeed speak righteousness, O congregation? do you judge uprightly, O you sons of men?
Leviticus 22:17	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Philippians 2:5	Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus:
Job 32:8	But there is a spirit in man: and the inspiration of the Almighty gives them understanding.
Genesis 30:23	And she conceived, and bore a son; and said, God has taken away my reproach:
Isaiah 52:15	So shall he sprinkle many nations; the kings shall shut their mouths at him: for that which had not been told them shall they see; and that which they had not heard shall they consider.
Psalm 51:2	Wash me thoroughly from my iniquity, and cleanse me from my sin.
Luke 19:36	And as he went, they spread their clothes in the way.
Ephesians 1:10	That in the dispensation of the fullness of times he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven, and which are on earth; even in him:
Zechariah 6:15	And they that are far off shall come and build in the temple of the LORD, and you shall know that the LORD of hosts has sent me to you. And this shall come to pass, if you will diligently obey the voice of the LORD your God.
John 3:22	After these things came Jesus and his disciples into the land of Judaea; and there he tarried with them, and baptized.
1 Kings 3:23	Then said the king, The one said, This is my son that lives, and your son is the dead: and the other said, No; but your son is the dead, and my son is the living.
2 John 1:5	And now I beseech you, lady, not as though I wrote a new commandment to you, but that which we had from the beginning, that we love one another.
Ezekiel 40:33	And the little chambers thereof, and the posts thereof, and the arches thereof, were according to these measures: and there were windows therein and in the arches thereof round about: it was fifty cubits long, and five and twenty cubits broad.
Deuteronomy 22:5	The woman shall not wear that which pertains to a man, neither shall a man put on a woman’s garment: for all that do so are abomination to the LORD your God.
Psalm 17:1	Hear the right, O LORD, attend to my cry, give ear to my prayer, that goes not out of feigned lips.
Luke 7:47	Why I say to you, Her sins, which are many, are forgiven; for she loved much: but to whom little is forgiven, the same loves little.
Mark 1:5	And there went out to him all the land of Judaea, and they of Jerusalem, and were all baptized of him in the river of Jordan, confessing their sins.
Psalm 78:8	And might not be as their fathers, a stubborn and rebellious generation; a generation that set not their heart aright, and whose spirit was not steadfast with God.
Jeremiah 41:12	Then they took all the men, and went to fight with Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and found him by the great waters that are in Gibeon.
Romans 8:23	And not only they, but ourselves also, which have the first fruits of the Spirit, even we ourselves groan within ourselves, waiting for the adoption, to wit, the redemption of our body.
Luke 12:32	Fear not, little flock; for it is your Father’s good pleasure to give you the kingdom.
John 17:17	Sanctify them through your truth: your word is truth.
Jeremiah 2:20	For of old time I have broken your yoke, and burst your bands; and you said, I will not transgress; when on every high hill and under every green tree you wander, playing the harlot.
Hebrews 7:4	Now consider how great this man was, to whom even the patriarch Abraham gave the tenth of the spoils.
Jeremiah 39:4	And it came to pass, that when Zedekiah the king of Judah saw them, and all the men of war, then they fled, and went forth out of the city by night, by the way of the king’s garden, by the gate between the two walls: and he went out the way of the plain.
Ezekiel 16:60	Nevertheless I will remember my covenant with you in the days of your youth, and I will establish to you an everlasting covenant.
Numbers 31:9	And the children of Israel took all the women of Midian captives, and their little ones, and took the spoil of all their cattle, and all their flocks, and all their goods.
Matthew 27:43	He trusted in God; let him deliver him now, if he will have him: for he said, I am the Son of God.
Jeremiah 5:7	How shall I pardon you for this? your children have forsaken me, and sworn by them that are no gods: when I had fed them to the full, they then committed adultery, and assembled themselves by troops in the harlots’ houses.
Genesis 5:15	And Mahalaleel lived sixty and five years, and begat Jared:
Nehemiah 2:12	And I arose in the night, I and some few men with me; neither told I any man what my God had put in my heart to do at Jerusalem: neither was there any beast with me, save the beast that I rode on.
Acts 13:50	But the Jews stirred up the devout and honorable women, and the chief men of the city, and raised persecution against Paul and Barnabas, and expelled them out of their coasts.
Genesis 33:3	And he passed over before them, and bowed himself to the ground seven times, until he came near to his brother.
Ezekiel 20:8	But they rebelled against me, and would not listen to me: they did not every man cast away the abominations of their eyes, neither did they forsake the idols of Egypt: then I said, I will pour out my fury on them, to accomplish my anger against them in the middle of the land of Egypt.
Proverbs 1:11	If they say, Come with us, let us lay wait for blood, let us lurk privately for the innocent without cause:
1 Chronicles 10:10	And they put his armor in the house of their gods, and fastened his head in the temple of Dagon.
1 Kings 22:37	So the king died, and was brought to Samaria; and they buried the king in Samaria.
2 Samuel 20:1	And there happened to be there a man of Belial, whose name was Sheba, the son of Bichri, a Benjamite: and he blew a trumpet, and said, We have no part in David, neither have we inheritance in the son of Jesse: every man to his tents, O Israel.
1 Peter 2:6	Why also it is contained in the scripture, Behold, I lay in Sion a chief corner stone, elect, precious: and he that believes on him shall not be confounded.
John 11:13	However, Jesus spoke of his death: but they thought that he had spoken of taking of rest in sleep.
2 Chronicles 21:5	Jehoram was thirty and two years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eight years in Jerusalem.
Romans 13:10	Love works no ill to his neighbor: therefore love is the fulfilling of the law.
1 Kings 13:18	He said to him, I am a prophet also as you are; and an angel spoke to me by the word of the LORD, saying, Bring him back with you into your house, that he may eat bread and drink water. But he lied to him.
1 Thessalonians 3:5	For this cause, when I could no longer forbear, I sent to know your faith, lest by some means the tempter have tempted you, and our labor be in vain.
Revelation 8:8	And the second angel sounded, and as it were a great mountain burning with fire was cast into the sea: and the third part of the sea became blood;
Galatians 1:16	To reveal his Son in me, that I might preach him among the heathen; immediately I conferred not with flesh and blood:
Proverbs 14:29	He that is slow to wrath is of great understanding: but he that is hasty of spirit exalts folly.
Philippians 1:27	Only let your conversation be as it becomes the gospel of Christ: that whether I come and see you, or else be absent, I may hear of your affairs, that you stand fast in one spirit, with one mind striving together for the faith of the gospel;
Matthew 26:6	Now when Jesus was in Bethany, in the house of Simon the leper,
Hebrews 8:11	And they shall not teach every man his neighbor, and every man his brother, saying, Know the Lord: for all shall know me, from the least to the greatest.
Psalm 89:36	His seed shall endure for ever, and his throne as the sun before me.
Psalm 105:25	He turned their heart to hate his people, to deal subtly with his servants.
2 Samuel 18:32	And the king said to Cushi, Is the young man Absalom safe? And Cushi answered, The enemies of my lord the king, and all that rise against you to do you hurt, be as that young man is.
Psalm 119:10	With my whole heart have I sought you: O let me not wander from your commandments.
Isaiah 1:4	Ah sinful nation, a people laden with iniquity, a seed of evildoers, children that are corrupters: they have forsaken the LORD, they have provoked the Holy One of Israel to anger, they are gone away backward.
Joshua 11:7	So Joshua came, and all the people of war with him, against them by the waters of Merom suddenly; and they fell on them.
Jeremiah 42:6	Whether it be good, or whether it be evil, we will obey the voice of the LORD our God, to whom we send you; that it may be well with us, when we obey the voice of the LORD our God.
Nahum 1:12	Thus said the LORD; Though they be quiet, and likewise many, yet thus shall they be cut down, when he shall pass through. Though I have afflicted you, I will afflict you no more.
Exodus 38:3	And he made all the vessels of the altar, the pots, and the shovels, and the basins, and the meat hooks, and the fire pans: all the vessels thereof made he of brass.
Daniel 4:14	He cried aloud, and said thus, Hew down the tree, and cut off his branches, shake off his leaves, and scatter his fruit: let the beasts get away from under it, and the fowls from his branches:
Hebrews 6:7	For the earth which drinks in the rain that comes oft on it, and brings forth herbs meet for them by whom it is dressed, receives blessing from God:
Matthew 24:16	Then let them which be in Judaea flee into the mountains:
1 Samuel 15:19	Why then did you not obey the voice of the LORD, but did fly on the spoil, and did evil in the sight of the LORD?
Exodus 12:34	And the people took their dough before it was leavened, their kneading troughs being bound up in their clothes on their shoulders.
Jeremiah 42:15	And now therefore hear the word of the LORD, you remnant of Judah; Thus said the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; If you wholly set your faces to enter into Egypt, and go to sojourn there;
Jeremiah 45:1	The word that Jeremiah the prophet spoke to Baruch the son of Neriah, when he had written these words in a book at the mouth of Jeremiah, in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, saying,
Exodus 28:36	And you shall make a plate of pure gold, and grave on it, like the engravings of a signet, HOLINESS TO THE LORD.
Psalm 103:17	But the mercy of the LORD is from everlasting to everlasting on them that fear him, and his righteousness to children’s children;
1 Corinthians 11:17	Now in this that I declare to you I praise you not, that you come together not for the better, but for the worse.
Ezekiel 3:10	Moreover he said to me, Son of man, all my words that I shall speak to you receive in your heart, and hear with your ears.
1 Corinthians 15:40	There are also celestial bodies, and bodies terrestrial: but the glory of the celestial is one, and the glory of the terrestrial is another.
John 6:10	And Jesus said, Make the men sit down. Now there was much grass in the place. So the men sat down, in number about five thousand.
Joshua 10:33	Then Horam king of Gezer came up to help Lachish; and Joshua smote him and his people, until he had left him none remaining.
Matthew 13:21	Yet has he not root in himself, but endures for a while: for when tribulation or persecution rises because of the word, by and by he is offended.
Psalm 48:5	They saw it, and so they marveled; they were troubled, and hurried away.
Ecclesiastes 1:5	The sun also rises, and the sun goes down, and hastens to his place where he arose.
Ezekiel 21:5	That all flesh may know that I the LORD have drawn forth my sword out of his sheath: it shall not return any more.
Hebrews 12:19	And the sound of a trumpet, and the voice of words; which voice they that heard entreated that the word should not be spoken to them any more:
Ezra 9:1	Now when these things were done, the princes came to me, saying, The people of Israel, and the priests, and the Levites, have not separated themselves from the people of the lands, doing according to their abominations, even of the Canaanites, the Hittites, the Perizzites, the Jebusites, the Ammonites, the Moabites, the Egyptians, and the Amorites.
Colossians 2:11	In whom also you are circumcised with the circumcision made without hands, in putting off the body of the sins of the flesh by the circumcision of Christ:
Ecclesiastes 8:10	And so I saw the wicked buried, who had come and gone from the place of the holy, and they were forgotten in the city where they had so done: this is also vanity.
Colossians 4:3	With praying also for us, that God would open to us a door of utterance, to speak the mystery of Christ, for which I am also in bonds:
1 Kings 1:48	And also thus said the king, Blessed be the LORD God of Israel, which has given one to sit on my throne this day, my eyes even seeing it.
Proverbs 20:22	Say not you, I will recompense evil; but wait on the LORD, and he shall save you.
Ezekiel 42:12	And according to the doors of the chambers that were toward the south was a door in the head of the way, even the way directly before the wall toward the east, as one enters into them.
Jeremiah 4:18	Your way and your doings have procured these things to you; this is your wickedness, because it is bitter, because it reaches to your heart.
Genesis 47:8	And Pharaoh said to Jacob, How old are you?
Job 4:6	Is not this your fear, your confidence, your hope, and the uprightness of your ways?
1 Timothy 3:1	This is a true saying, If a man desire the office of a bishop, he desires a good work.
Song of Solomon 1:6	Look not on me, because I am black, because the sun has looked on me: my mother’s children were angry with me; they made me the keeper of the vineyards; but my own vineyard have I not kept.
Exodus 23:6	You shall not wrest the judgment of your poor in his cause.
Psalm 16:1	Preserve me, O God: for in you do I put my trust.
2 Kings 1:3	But the angel of the LORD said to Elijah the Tishbite, Arise, go up to meet the messengers of the king of Samaria, and say to them, Is it not because there is not a God in Israel, that you go to inquire of Baalzebub the god of Ekron?
Genesis 1:9	And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together to one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so.
1 Chronicles 6:36	The son of Elkanah, the son of Joel, the son of Azariah, the son of Zephaniah,
Luke 12:17	And he thought within himself, saying, What shall I do, because I have no room where to bestow my fruits?
Genesis 45:18	And take your father and your households, and come to me: and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt, and you shall eat the fat of the land.
1 Samuel 2:27	And there came a man of God to Eli, and said to him, Thus said the LORD, Did I plainly appear to the house of your father, when they were in Egypt in Pharaoh’s house?
Colossians 1:22	In the body of his flesh through death, to present you holy and blameless and unreproveable in his sight:
1 Chronicles 11:26	Also the valiant men of the armies were, Asahel the brother of Joab, Elhanan the son of Dodo of Bethlehem,
Numbers 4:45	These be those that were numbered of the families of the sons of Merari, whom Moses and Aaron numbered according to the word of the LORD by the hand of Moses.
Job 25:5	Behold even to the moon, and it shines not; yes, the stars are not pure in his sight.
1 Corinthians 12:30	Have all the gifts of healing? do all speak with tongues? do all interpret?
Matthew 17:27	Notwithstanding, lest we should offend them, go you to the sea, and cast an hook, and take up the fish that first comes up; and when you have opened his mouth, you shall find a piece of money: that take, and give to them for me and you.
Numbers 26:59	And the name of Amram’s wife was Jochebed, the daughter of Levi, whom her mother bore to Levi in Egypt: and she bore to Amram Aaron and Moses, and Miriam their sister.
Psalm 107:1	O give thanks to the LORD, for he is good: for his mercy endures for ever.
1 Samuel 9:10	Then said Saul to his servant, Well said; come, let us go. So they went to the city where the man of God was.
Job 4:2	If we assay to commune with you, will you be grieved? but who can withhold himself from speaking?
Judges 20:31	And the children of Benjamin went out against the people, and were drawn away from the city; and they began to smite of the people, and kill, as at other times, in the highways, of which one goes up to the house of God, and the other to Gibeah in the field, about thirty men of Israel.
2 Chronicles 26:20	And Azariah the chief priest, and all the priests, looked on him, and, behold, he was leprous in his forehead, and they thrust him out from there; yes, himself hurried also to go out, because the LORD had smitten him.
Psalm 15:2	He that walks uprightly, and works righteousness, and speaks the truth in his heart.
John 9:23	Therefore said his parents, He is of age; ask him.
Hosea 10:10	It is in my desire that I should chastise them; and the people shall be gathered against them, when they shall bind themselves in their two furrows.
Exodus 38:29	And the brass of the offering was seventy talents, and two thousand and four hundred shekels.
Numbers 17:4	And you shall lay them up in the tabernacle of the congregation before the testimony, where I will meet with you.
Luke 12:31	But rather seek you the kingdom of God; and all these things shall be added to you.
1 Corinthians 11:12	For as the woman is of the man, even so is the man also by the woman; but all things of God.
Psalm 62:9	Surely men of low degree are vanity, and men of high degree are a lie: to be laid in the balance, they are altogether lighter than vanity.
1 Samuel 10:3	Then shall you go on forward from there, and you shall come to the plain of Tabor, and there shall meet you three men going up to God to Bethel, one carrying three kids, and another carrying three loaves of bread, and another carrying a bottle of wine:
Numbers 20:7	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
1 Corinthians 15:31	I protest by your rejoicing which I have in Christ Jesus our LORD, I die daily.
Titus 1:6	If any be blameless, the husband of one wife, having faithful children not accused of riot or unruly.
Ezekiel 14:14	Though these three men, Noah, Daniel, and Job, were in it, they should deliver but their own souls by their righteousness, said the Lord GOD.
Genesis 40:15	For indeed I was stolen away out of the land of the Hebrews: and here also have I done nothing that they should put me into the dungeon.
Deuteronomy 22:2	And if your brother be not near to you, or if you know him not, then you shall bring it to your own house, and it shall be with you until your brother seek after it, and you shall restore it to him again.
Luke 23:56	And they returned, and prepared spices and ointments; and rested the sabbath day according to the commandment.
2 Thessalonians 1:1	Paul, and Silvanus, and Timotheus, to the church of the Thessalonians in God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ:
Matthew 7:5	You hypocrite, first cast out the beam out of your own eye; and then shall you see clearly to cast out the mote out of your brother’s eye.
Proverbs 22:19	That your trust may be in the LORD, I have made known to you this day, even to you.
1 Samuel 15:13	And Samuel came to Saul: and Saul said to him, Blessed be you of the LORD: I have performed the commandment of the LORD.
Job 5:8	I would seek to God, and to God would I commit my cause:
Isaiah 44:15	Then shall it be for a man to burn: for he will take thereof, and warm himself; yes, he kindles it, and bakes bread; yes, he makes a god, and worships it; he makes it a graven image, and falls down thereto.
Joel 1:9	The meat offering and the drink offering is cut off from the house of the LORD; the priests, the LORD’s ministers, mourn.
Luke 22:3	Then entered Satan into Judas surnamed Iscariot, being of the number of the twelve.
2 Chronicles 24:13	So the workmen worked, and the work was perfected by them, and they set the house of God in his state, and strengthened it.
John 17:8	For I have given to them the words which you gave me; and they have received them, and have known surely that I came out from you, and they have believed that you did send me.
Proverbs 30:8	Remove far from me vanity and lies: give me neither poverty nor riches; feed me with food convenient for me:
Jeremiah 41:3	Ishmael also slew all the Jews that were with him, even with Gedaliah, at Mizpah, and the Chaldeans that were found there, and the men of war.
Genesis 49:17	Dan shall be a serpent by the way, an adder in the path, that bites the horse heels, so that his rider shall fall backward.
1 Samuel 10:2	When you are departed from me to day, then you shall find two men by Rachel’s sepulcher in the border of Benjamin at Zelzah; and they will say to you, The asses which you went to seek are found: and, see, your father has left the care of the asses, and sorrows for you, saying, What shall I do for my son?
Leviticus 14:19	And the priest shall offer the sin offering, and make an atonement for him that is to be cleansed from his uncleanness; and afterward he shall kill the burnt offering:
Exodus 12:24	And you shall observe this thing for an ordinance to you and to your sons for ever.
Romans 10:1	Brothers, my heart’s desire and prayer to God for Israel is, that they might be saved.
John 8:9	And they which heard it, being convicted by their own conscience, went out one by one, beginning at the oldest, even to the last: and Jesus was left alone, and the woman standing in the middle.
Ezra 3:4	They kept also the feast of tabernacles, as it is written, and offered the daily burnt offerings by number, according to the custom, as the duty of every day required;
Exodus 26:36	And you shall make an hanging for the door of the tent, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, worked with needlework.
2 Chronicles 7:4	Then the king and all the people offered sacrifices before the LORD.
Job 14:22	But his flesh on him shall have pain, and his soul within him shall mourn.
Psalm 99:9	Exalt the LORD our God, and worship at his holy hill; for the LORD our God is holy.
Psalm 103:4	Who redeems your life from destruction; who crowns you with loving kindness and tender mercies;
Ruth 3:4	And it shall be, when he lies down, that you shall mark the place where he shall lie, and you shall go in, and uncover his feet, and lay you down; and he will tell you what you shall do.
Isaiah 36:16	Listen not to Hezekiah: for thus said the king of Assyria, Make an agreement with me by a present, and come out to me: and eat you every one of his vine, and every one of his fig tree, and drink you every one the waters of his own cistern;
Psalm 122:9	Because of the house of the LORD our God I will seek your good.
Leviticus 24:2	Command the children of Israel, that they bring to you pure oil olive beaten for the light, to cause the lamps to burn continually.
1 Samuel 14:9	If they say thus to us, Tarry until we come to you; then we will stand still in our place, and will not go up to them.
Isaiah 17:12	Woe to the multitude of many people, which make a noise like the noise of the seas; and to the rushing of nations, that make a rushing like the rushing of mighty waters!
Zechariah 14:7	But it shall be one day which shall be known to the LORD, not day, nor night: but it shall come to pass, that at evening time it shall be light.
2 Samuel 19:31	And Barzillai the Gileadite came down from Rogelim, and went over Jordan with the king, to conduct him over Jordan.
Job 27:8	For what is the hope of the hypocrite, though he has gained, when God takes away his soul?
Numbers 25:5	And Moses said to the judges of Israel, Slay you every one his men that were joined to Baalpeor.
Ezekiel 45:5	And the five and twenty thousand of length, and the ten thousand of breadth shall also the Levites, the ministers of the house, have for themselves, for a possession for twenty chambers.
Luke 11:47	Woe to you! for you build the sepulchers of the prophets, and your fathers killed them.
Luke 12:24	Consider the ravens: for they neither sow nor reap; which neither have storehouse nor barn; and God feeds them: how much more are you better than the fowls?
Psalm 106:43	Many times did he deliver them; but they provoked him with their counsel, and were brought low for their iniquity.
Psalm 78:6	That the generation to come might know them, even the children which should be born; who should arise and declare them to their children:
Jeremiah 32:5	And he shall lead Zedekiah to Babylon, and there shall he be until I visit him, said the LORD: though you fight with the Chaldeans, you shall not prosper.
Jeremiah 8:9	The wise men are ashamed, they are dismayed and taken: see, they have rejected the word of the LORD; and what wisdom is in them?
Job 31:16	If I have withheld the poor from their desire, or have caused the eyes of the widow to fail;
Acts 19:33	And they drew Alexander out of the multitude, the Jews putting him forward. And Alexander beckoned with the hand, and would have made his defense to the people.
Psalm 77:8	Is his mercy clean gone for ever? does his promise fail for ever more?
Genesis 42:8	And Joseph knew his brothers, but they knew not him.
Deuteronomy 25:10	And his name shall be called in Israel, The house of him that has his shoe loosed.
Ezekiel 47:19	And the south side southward, from Tamar even to the waters of strife in Kadesh, the river to the great sea. And this is the south side southward.
Exodus 6:13	And the LORD spoke to Moses and to Aaron, and gave them a charge to the children of Israel, and to Pharaoh king of Egypt, to bring the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt.
Genesis 41:3	And, behold, seven other cows came up after them out of the river, ill favored and skinney; and stood by the other cows on the brink of the river.
Matthew 24:37	But as the days of Noe were, so shall also the coming of the Son of man be.
Ezekiel 33:24	Son of man, they that inhabit those wastes of the land of Israel speak, saying, Abraham was one, and he inherited the land: but we are many; the land is given us for inheritance.
Numbers 16:8	And Moses said to Korah, Hear, I pray you, you sons of Levi:
Genesis 43:30	And Joseph made haste; for his bowels did yearn on his brother: and he sought where to weep; and he entered into his chamber, and wept there.
Leviticus 23:22	And when you reap the harvest of your land, you shall not make clean riddance of the corners of your field when you reap, neither shall you gather any gleaning of your harvest: you shall leave them to the poor, and to the stranger: I am the LORD your God.
Jeremiah 50:17	Israel is a scattered sheep; the lions have driven him away: first the king of Assyria has devoured him; and last this Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon has broken his bones.
Jeremiah 44:8	In that you provoke me to wrath with the works of your hands, burning incense to other gods in the land of Egypt, where you be gone to dwell, that you might cut yourselves off, and that you might be a curse and a reproach among all the nations of the earth?
Acts 1:23	And they appointed two, Joseph called Barsabas, who was surnamed Justus, and Matthias.
Job 36:15	He delivers the poor in his affliction, and opens their ears in oppression.
Leviticus 9:14	And he did wash the inwards and the legs, and burnt them on the burnt offering on the altar.
Genesis 25:13	And these are the names of the sons of Ishmael, by their names, according to their generations: the firstborn of Ishmael, Nebajoth; and Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam,
Isaiah 43:16	Thus said the LORD, which makes a way in the sea, and a path in the mighty waters;
Galatians 3:9	So then they which be of faith are blessed with faithful Abraham.
Psalm 12:8	The wicked walk on every side, when the vilest men are exalted.
2 Chronicles 15:17	But the high places were not taken away out of Israel: nevertheless the heart of Asa was perfect all his days.
Deuteronomy 19:11	But if any man hate his neighbor, and lie in wait for him, and rise up against him, and smite him mortally that he die, and flees into one of these cities:
Psalm 18:8	There went up a smoke out of his nostrils, and fire out of his mouth devoured: coals were kindled by it.
Joel 2:3	A fire devours before them; and behind them a flame burns: the land is as the garden of Eden before them, and behind them a desolate wilderness; yes, and nothing shall escape them.
1 Samuel 26:18	And he said, Why does my lord thus pursue after his servant? for what have I done? or what evil is in my hand?
Numbers 28:25	And on the seventh day you shall have an holy convocation; you shall do no servile work.
2 Kings 9:20	And the watchman told, saying, He came even to them, and comes not again: and the driving is like the driving of Jehu the son of Nimshi; for he drives furiously.
1 Samuel 4:17	And the messenger answered and said, Israel is fled before the Philistines, and there has been also a great slaughter among the people, and your two sons also, Hophni and Phinehas, are dead, and the ark of God is taken.
2 Chronicles 11:5	And Rehoboam dwelled in Jerusalem, and built cities for defense in Judah.
2 Chronicles 11:4	Thus said the LORD, You shall not go up, nor fight against your brothers: return every man to his house: for this thing is done of me. And they obeyed the words of the LORD, and returned from going against Jeroboam.
Joshua 12:16	The king of Makkedah, one; the king of Bethel, one;
Deuteronomy 17:11	According to the sentence of the law which they shall teach you, and according to the judgment which they shall tell you, you shall do: you shall not decline from the sentence which they shall show you, to the right hand, nor to the left.
Proverbs 30:14	There is a generation, whose teeth are as swords, and their jaw teeth as knives, to devour the poor from off the earth, and the needy from among men.
Numbers 2:9	All that were numbered in the camp of Judah were an hundred thousand and fourscore thousand and six thousand and four hundred, throughout their armies. These shall first set forth.
Nehemiah 7:3	And I said to them, Let not the gates of Jerusalem be opened until the sun be hot; and while they stand by, let them shut the doors, and bar them: and appoint watches of the inhabitants of Jerusalem, every one in his watch, and every one to be over against his house.
Romans 6:8	Now if we be dead with Christ, we believe that we shall also live with him:
2 Kings 10:8	And there came a messenger, and told him, saying, They have brought the heads of the king’s sons. And he said, Lay you them in two heaps at the entering in of the gate until the morning.
Ezekiel 22:16	And you shall take your inheritance in yourself in the sight of the heathen, and you shall know that I am the LORD.
Matthew 26:65	Then the high priest rent his clothes, saying, He has spoken blasphemy; what further need have we of witnesses? behold, now you have heard his blasphemy.
Ecclesiastes 3:16	And moreover I saw under the sun the place of judgment, that wickedness was there; and the place of righteousness, that iniquity was there.
Psalm 25:6	Remember, O LORD, your tender mercies and your loving kindnesses; for they have been ever of old.
Judges 8:19	And he said, They were my brothers, even the sons of my mother: as the LORD lives, if you had saved them alive, I would not slay you.
1 Samuel 8:2	Now the name of his firstborn was Joel; and the name of his second, Abiah: they were judges in Beersheba.
Romans 14:12	So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God.
1 Kings 8:18	And the LORD said to David my father, Whereas it was in your heart to build an house to my name, you did well that it was in your heart.
1 Samuel 11:14	Then said Samuel to the people, Come, and let us go to Gilgal, and renew the kingdom there.
Exodus 20:6	And showing mercy to thousands of them that love me, and keep my commandments.
Jeremiah 25:23	Dedan, and Tema, and Buz, and all that are in the utmost corners,
Acts 27:40	And when they had taken up the anchors, they committed themselves to the sea, and loosed the rudder bands, and hoisted up the mainsail to the wind, and made toward shore.
Malachi 3:13	Your words have been stout against me, said the LORD. Yet you say, What have we spoken so much against you?
John 5:8	Jesus said to him, Rise, take up your bed, and walk.
Psalm 89:13	You have a mighty arm: strong is your hand, and high is your right hand.
Acts 27:16	And running under a certain island which is called Clauda, we had much work to come by the boat:
1 Corinthians 11:2	Now I praise you, brothers, that you remember me in all things, and keep the ordinances, as I delivered them to you.
2 Kings 7:14	They took therefore two chariot horses; and the king sent after the host of the Syrians, saying, Go and see.
Psalm 27:9	Hide not your face far from me; put not your servant away in anger: you have been my help; leave me not, neither forsake me, O God of my salvation.
Psalm 106:25	But murmured in their tents, and listened not to the voice of the LORD.
Jeremiah 50:2	Declare you among the nations, and publish, and set up a standard; publish, and conceal not: say, Babylon is taken, Bel is confounded, Merodach is broken in pieces; her idols are confounded, her images are broken in pieces.
Lamentations 1:22	Let all their wickedness come before you; and do to them, as you have done to me for all my transgressions: for my sighs are many, and my heart is faint.
2 Samuel 23:19	Was he not most honorable of three? therefore he was their captain: however, he attained not to the first three.
Jeremiah 50:14	Put yourselves in array against Babylon round about: all you that bend the bow, shoot at her, spare no arrows: for she has sinned against the LORD.
Mark 5:18	And when he was come into the ship, he that had been possessed with the devil prayed him that he might be with him.
1 John 3:12	Not as Cain, who was of that wicked one, and slew his brother. And why slew he him? Because his own works were evil, and his brother’s righteous.
1 Kings 19:5	And as he lay and slept under a juniper tree, behold, then an angel touched him, and said to him, Arise and eat.
Numbers 14:44	But they presumed to go up to the hill top: nevertheless the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and Moses, departed not out of the camp.
Acts 16:39	And they came and sought them, and brought them out, and desired them to depart out of the city.
Psalm 37:11	But the meek shall inherit the earth; and shall delight themselves in the abundance of peace.
2 Chronicles 35:25	And Jeremiah lamented for Josiah: and all the singing men and the singing women spoke of Josiah in their lamentations to this day, and made them an ordinance in Israel: and, behold, they are written in the lamentations.
Luke 1:71	That we should be saved from our enemies, and from the hand of all that hate us;
Luke 8:32	And there was there an herd of many swine feeding on the mountain: and they sought him that he would suffer them to enter into them. And he suffered them.
Joshua 6:12	And Joshua rose early in the morning, and the priests took up the ark of the LORD.
Job 36:12	But if they obey not, they shall perish by the sword, and they shall die without knowledge.
2 Timothy 4:15	Of whom be you ware also; for he has greatly withstood our words.
Ezekiel 37:7	So I prophesied as I was commanded: and as I prophesied, there was a noise, and behold a shaking, and the bones came together, bone to his bone.
Genesis 6:21	And take you to you of all food that is eaten, and you shall gather it to you; and it shall be for food for you, and for them.
Acts 5:28	Saying, Did not we straightly command you that you should not teach in this name? and, behold, you have filled Jerusalem with your doctrine, and intend to bring this man’s blood on us.
Genesis 27:1	And it came to pass, that when Isaac was old, and his eyes were dim, so that he could not see, he called Esau his oldest son, and said to him, My son: and he said to him, Behold, here am I.
Daniel 12:9	And he said, Go your way, Daniel: for the words are closed up and sealed till the time of the end.
Exodus 8:15	But when Pharaoh saw that there was respite, he hardened his heart, and listened not to them; as the LORD had said.
Genesis 10:19	And the border of the Canaanites was from Sidon, as you come to Gerar, to Gaza; as you go, to Sodom, and Gomorrah, and Admah, and Zeboim, even to Lasha.
Exodus 38:31	And the sockets of the court round about, and the sockets of the court gate, and all the pins of the tabernacle, and all the pins of the court round about.
Ephesians 1:8	Wherein he has abounded toward us in all wisdom and prudence;
Ephesians 4:30	And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby you are sealed to the day of redemption.
1 Kings 17:14	For thus said the LORD God of Israel, The barrel of meal shall not waste, neither shall the cruse of oil fail, until the day that the LORD sends rain on the earth.
Amos 8:8	Shall not the land tremble for this, and every one mourn that dwells therein? and it shall rise up wholly as a flood; and it shall be cast out and drowned, as by the flood of Egypt.
Job 19:25	For I know that my redeemer lives, and that he shall stand at the latter day on the earth:
Psalm 64:9	And all men shall fear, and shall declare the work of God; for they shall wisely consider of his doing.
1 Chronicles 1:17	The sons of Shem; Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram, and Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Meshech.
1 Samuel 26:3	And Saul pitched in the hill of Hachilah, which is before Jeshimon, by the way. But David stayed in the wilderness, and he saw that Saul came after him into the wilderness.
Romans 6:3	Know you not, that so many of us as were baptized into Jesus Christ were baptized into his death?
2 Chronicles 12:15	Now the acts of Rehoboam, first and last, are they not written in the book of Shemaiah the prophet, and of Iddo the seer concerning genealogies? And there were wars between Rehoboam and Jeroboam continually.
Job 40:7	Gird up your loins now like a man: I will demand of you, and declare you to me.
Isaiah 27:11	When the boughs thereof are withered, they shall be broken off: the women come, and set them on fire: for it is a people of no understanding: therefore he that made them will not have mercy on them, and he that formed them will show them no favor.
1 Kings 6:8	The door for the middle chamber was in the right side of the house: and they went up with winding stairs into the middle chamber, and out of the middle into the third.
Deuteronomy 19:19	Then shall you do to him, as he had thought to have done to his brother: so shall you put the evil away from among you.
2 Samuel 16:18	And Hushai said to Absalom, No; but whom the LORD, and this people, and all the men of Israel, choose, his will I be, and with him will I abide.
Luke 24:3	And they entered in, and found not the body of the Lord Jesus.
Ezekiel 12:7	And I did so as I was commanded: I brought forth my stuff by day, as stuff for captivity, and in the even I dig through the wall with my hand; I brought it forth in the twilight, and I bore it on my shoulder in their sight.
Hosea 6:10	I have seen an horrible thing in the house of Israel: there is the prostitution of Ephraim, Israel is defiled.
Matthew 24:24	For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall show great signs and wonders; so that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect.
Matthew 25:23	His lord said to him, Well done, good and faithful servant; you have been faithful over a few things, I will make you ruler over many things: enter you into the joy of your lord.
Ezra 2:30	The children of Magbish, an hundred fifty and six.
Revelation 16:5	And I heard the angel of the waters say, You are righteous, O Lord, which are, and were, and shall be, because you have judged thus.
Galatians 6:11	You see how large a letter I have written to you with my own hand.
Deuteronomy 10:5	And I turned myself and came down from the mount, and put the tables in the ark which I had made; and there they be, as the LORD commanded me.
Malachi 3:7	Even from the days of your fathers you are gone away from my ordinances, and have not kept them. Return to me, and I will return to you, said the LORD of hosts. But you said, Wherein shall we return?
Galatians 4:5	To redeem them that were under the law, that we might receive the adoption of sons.
Matthew 5:39	But I say to you, That you resist not evil: but whoever shall smite you on your right cheek, turn to him the other also.
Ecclesiastes 3:1	To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven:
John 16:11	Of judgment, because the prince of this world is judged.
2 Samuel 13:26	Then said Absalom, If not, I pray you, let my brother Amnon go with us. And the king said to him, Why should he go with you?
Romans 5:15	But not as the offense, so also is the free gift. For if through the offense of one many be dead, much more the grace of God, and the gift by grace, which is by one man, Jesus Christ, has abounded to many.
Ezekiel 12:6	In their sight shall you bear it on your shoulders, and carry it forth in the twilight: you shall cover your face, that you see not the ground: for I have set you for a sign to the house of Israel.
Judges 18:8	And they came to their brothers to Zorah and Eshtaol: and their brothers said to them, What say you?
1 Chronicles 27:9	The sixth captain for the sixth month was Ira the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
1 Samuel 29:9	And Achish answered and said to David, I know that you are good in my sight, as an angel of God: notwithstanding the princes of the Philistines have said, He shall not go up with us to the battle.
Daniel 7:14	And there was given him dominion, and glory, and a kingdom, that all people, nations, and languages, should serve him: his dominion is an everlasting dominion, which shall not pass away, and his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed.
Psalm 30:6	And in my prosperity I said, I shall never be moved.
Genesis 36:30	Duke Dishon, duke Ezer, duke Dishan: these are the dukes that came of Hori, among their dukes in the land of Seir.
Malachi 3:10	Bring you all the tithes into the storehouse, that there may be meat in my house, and prove me now herewith, said the LORD of hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that there shall not be room enough to receive it.
Galatians 6:1	Brothers, if a man be overtaken in a fault, you which are spiritual, restore such an one in the spirit of meekness; considering yourself, lest you also be tempted.
2 Kings 8:8	And the king said to Hazael, Take a present in your hand, and go, meet the man of God, and inquire of the LORD by him, saying, Shall I recover of this disease?
Joshua 15:58	Halhul, Bethzur, and Gedor,
Matthew 12:17	That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying,
Isaiah 30:6	The burden of the beasts of the south: into the land of trouble and anguish, from where come the young and old lion, the viper and fiery flying serpent, they will carry their riches on the shoulders of young asses, and their treasures on the bunches of camels, to a people that shall not profit them.
Proverbs 7:13	So she caught him, and kissed him, and with an impudent face said to him,
Zechariah 9:8	And I will encamp about my house because of the army, because of him that passes by, and because of him that returns: and no oppressor shall pass through them any more: for now have I seen with my eyes.
Romans 16:22	I Tertius, who wrote this letter, salute you in the Lord.
Psalm 58:8	As a snail which melts, let every one of them pass away: like the untimely birth of a woman, that they may not see the sun.
Psalm 98:1	O sing to the LORD a new song; for he has done marvelous things: his right hand, and his holy arm, has gotten him the victory.
Psalm 17:13	Arise, O LORD, disappoint him, cast him down: deliver my soul from the wicked, which is your sword:
Leviticus 4:14	When the sin, which they have sinned against it, is known, then the congregation shall offer a young bullock for the sin, and bring him before the tabernacle of the congregation.
Leviticus 16:13	And he shall put the incense on the fire before the LORD, that the cloud of the incense may cover the mercy seat that is on the testimony, that he die not:
1 Corinthians 12:21	And the eye cannot say to the hand, I have no need of you: nor again the head to the feet, I have no need of you.
Genesis 6:1	And it came to pass, when men began to multiply on the face of the earth, and daughters were born to them,
Exodus 19:8	And all the people answered together, and said, All that the LORD has spoken we will do. And Moses returned the words of the people to the LORD.
Luke 19:6	And he made haste, and came down, and received him joyfully.
Ezekiel 12:15	And they shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall scatter them among the nations, and disperse them in the countries.
Judges 20:11	So all the men of Israel were gathered against the city, knit together as one man.
Job 37:13	He causes it to come, whether for correction, or for his land, or for mercy.
Psalm 31:6	I have hated them that regard lying vanities: but I trust in the LORD.
Exodus 23:12	Six days you shall do your work, and on the seventh day you shall rest: that your ox and your ass may rest, and the son of your handmaid, and the stranger, may be refreshed.
Exodus 34:4	And he hewed two tables of stone like to the first; and Moses rose up early in the morning, and went up to mount Sinai, as the LORD had commanded him, and took in his hand the two tables of stone.
Deuteronomy 18:15	The LORD your God will raise up to you a Prophet from the middle of you, of your brothers, like to me; to him you shall listen;
1 Peter 1:22	Seeing you have purified your souls in obeying the truth through the Spirit to unfeigned love of the brothers, see that you love one another with a pure heart fervently:
Ezekiel 45:11	The ephah and the bath shall be of one measure, that the bath may contain the tenth part of an homer, and the ephah the tenth part of an homer: the measure thereof shall be after the homer.
2 Samuel 1:26	I am distressed for you, my brother Jonathan: very pleasant have you been to me: your love to me was wonderful, passing the love of women.
Joshua 10:20	And it came to pass, when Joshua and the children of Israel had made an end of slaying them with a very great slaughter, till they were consumed, that the rest which remained of them entered into fenced cities.
2 Corinthians 1:21	Now he which establishes us with you in Christ, and has anointed us, is God;
1 Chronicles 4:28	And they dwelled at Beersheba, and Moladah, and Hazarshual,
Deuteronomy 13:14	Then shall you inquire, and make search, and ask diligently; and, behold, if it be truth, and the thing certain, that such abomination is worked among you;
1 Kings 1:28	Then king David answered and said, Call me Bathsheba. And she came into the king’s presence, and stood before the king.
Job 24:21	He evil entreats the barren that bears not: and does not good to the widow.
Genesis 14:15	And he divided himself against them, he and his servants, by night, and smote them, and pursued them to Hobah, which is on the left hand of Damascus.
Ezra 2:16	The children of Ater of Hezekiah, ninety and eight.
Psalm 12:4	Who have said, With our tongue will we prevail; our lips are our own: who is lord over us?
Psalm 104:28	That you give them they gather: you open your hand, they are filled with good.
Matthew 6:29	And yet I say to you, That even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these.
Ezekiel 33:7	So you, O son of man, I have set you a watchman to the house of Israel; therefore you shall hear the word at my mouth, and warn them from me.
2 Corinthians 12:13	For what is it wherein you were inferior to other churches, except it be that I myself was not burdensome to you? forgive me this wrong.
Daniel 7:5	And behold another beast, a second, like to a bear, and it raised up itself on one side, and it had three ribs in the mouth of it between the teeth of it: and they said thus to it, Arise, devour much flesh.
Proverbs 6:11	So shall your poverty come as one that travels, and your want as an armed man.
Matthew 28:1	In the end of the sabbath, as it began to dawn toward the first day of the week, came Mary Magdalene and the other Mary to see the sepulcher.
Judges 2:12	And they forsook the LORD God of their fathers, which brought them out of the land of Egypt, and followed other gods, of the gods of the people that were round about them, and bowed themselves to them, and provoked the LORD to anger.
Ezekiel 31:7	Thus was he fair in his greatness, in the length of his branches: for his root was by great waters.
Luke 12:41	Then Peter said to him, Lord, speak you this parable to us, or even to all?
Acts 27:25	Why, sirs, be of good cheer: for I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told me.
Psalm 38:4	For my iniquities are gone over my head: as an heavy burden they are too heavy for me.
Joshua 7:6	And Joshua rent his clothes, and fell to the earth on his face before the ark of the LORD until the eventide, he and the elders of Israel, and put dust on their heads.
Ezekiel 32:6	I will also water with your blood the land wherein you swim, even to the mountains; and the rivers shall be full of you.
Deuteronomy 18:21	And if you say in your heart, How shall we know the word which the LORD has not spoken?
Job 39:9	Will the unicorn be willing to serve you, or abide by your crib?
Job 10:15	If I be wicked, woe to me; and if I be righteous, yet will I not lift up my head. I am full of confusion; therefore see you my affliction;
Psalm 73:10	Therefore his people return here: and waters of a full cup are wrung out to them.
Job 8:18	If he destroy him from his place, then it shall deny him, saying, I have not seen you.
Ezra 5:8	Be it known to the king, that we went into the province of Judea, to the house of the great God, which is built with great stones, and timber is laid in the walls, and this work goes fast on, and prospers in their hands.
2 Samuel 11:1	And it came to pass, after the year was expired, at the time when kings go forth to battle, that David sent Joab, and his servants with him, and all Israel; and they destroyed the children of Ammon, and besieged Rabbah. But David tarried still at Jerusalem.
Isaiah 66:3	He that kills an ox is as if he slew a man; he that sacrifices a lamb, as if he cut off a dog’s neck; he that offers an oblation, as if he offered swine’s blood; he that burns incense, as if he blessed an idol. Yes, they have chosen their own ways, and their soul delights in their abominations.
Jeremiah 49:6	And afterward I will bring again the captivity of the children of Ammon, said the LORD.
Nehemiah 10:15	Bunni, Azgad, Bebai,
1 Kings 9:24	But Pharaoh’s daughter came up out of the city of David to her house which Solomon had built for her: then did he build Millo.
Numbers 1:23	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Simeon, were fifty and nine thousand and three hundred.
Isaiah 15:9	For the waters of Dimon shall be full of blood: for I will bring more on Dimon, lions on him that escapes of Moab, and on the remnant of the land.
Ezekiel 30:16	And I will set fire in Egypt: Sin shall have great pain, and No shall be rent asunder, and Noph shall have distresses daily.
Joel 1:13	Gird yourselves, and lament, you priests: howl, you ministers of the altar: come, lie all night in sackcloth, you ministers of my God: for the meat offering and the drink offering is withheld from the house of your God.
Mark 1:41	And Jesus, moved with compassion, put forth his hand, and touched him, and said to him, I will; be you clean.
2 Chronicles 15:5	And in those times there was no peace to him that went out, nor to him that came in, but great vexations were on all the inhabitants of the countries.
1 Kings 5:17	And the king commanded, and they brought great stones, costly stones, and hewed stones, to lay the foundation of the house.
2 Samuel 5:7	Nevertheless David took the strong hold of Zion: the same is the city of David.
Job 38:5	Who has laid the measures thereof, if you know? or who has stretched the line on it?
Genesis 5:25	And Methuselah lived an hundred eighty and seven years, and begat Lamech.
Psalm 86:12	I will praise you, O Lord my God, with all my heart: and I will glorify your name for ever more.
1 Corinthians 16:19	The churches of Asia salute you. Aquila and Priscilla salute you much in the Lord, with the church that is in their house.
Genesis 34:29	And all their wealth, and all their little ones, and their wives took they captive, and spoiled even all that was in the house.
2 Corinthians 9:10	Now he that ministers seed to the sower both minister bread for your food, and multiply your seed sown, and increase the fruits of your righteousness;)
Numbers 6:26	The LORD lift up his countenance on you, and give you peace.
Judges 3:10	And the Spirit of the LORD came on him, and he judged Israel, and went out to war: and the LORD delivered Chushanrishathaim king of Mesopotamia into his hand; and his hand prevailed against Chushanrishathaim.
2 Chronicles 8:7	As for all the people that were left of the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, which were not of Israel,
2 Kings 6:31	Then he said, God do so and more also to me, if the head of Elisha the son of Shaphat shall stand on him this day.
Joshua 24:17	For the LORD our God, he it is that brought us up and our fathers out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage, and which did those great signs in our sight, and preserved us in all the way wherein we went, and among all the people through whom we passed:
Exodus 34:12	Take heed to yourself, lest you make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land where you go, lest it be for a snare in the middle of you:
John 15:15	From now on I call you not servants; for the servant knows not what his lord does: but I have called you friends; for all things that I have heard of my Father I have made known to you.
Daniel 4:4	I Nebuchadnezzar was at rest in my house, and flourishing in my palace:
Genesis 43:20	And said, O sir, we came indeed down at the first time to buy food:
Philippians 2:11	And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.
Luke 7:9	When Jesus heard these things, he marveled at him, and turned him about, and said to the people that followed him, I say to you, I have not found so great faith, no, not in Israel.
Isaiah 59:15	Yes, truth fails; and he that departs from evil makes himself a prey: and the LORD saw it, and it displeased him that there was no judgment.
Zechariah 1:13	And the LORD answered the angel that talked with me with good words and comfortable words.
Deuteronomy 18:11	Or a charmer, or a consulter with familiar spirits, or a wizard, or a necromancer.
1 Kings 16:13	For all the sins of Baasha, and the sins of Elah his son, by which they sinned, and by which they made Israel to sin, in provoking the LORD God of Israel to anger with their vanities.
Romans 9:4	Who are Israelites; to whom pertains the adoption, and the glory, and the covenants, and the giving of the law, and the service of God, and the promises;
Judges 10:12	The Zidonians also, and the Amalekites, and the Maonites, did oppress you; and you cried to me, and I delivered you out of their hand.
Job 12:13	With him is wisdom and strength, he has counsel and understanding.
Psalm 136:14	And made Israel to pass through the middle of it: for his mercy endures for ever:
Galatians 4:1	Now I say, That the heir, as long as he is a child, differs nothing from a servant, though he be lord of all;
Proverbs 26:7	The legs of the lame are not equal: so is a parable in the mouth of fools.
Judges 16:31	Then his brothers and all the house of his father came down, and took him, and brought him up, and buried him between Zorah and Eshtaol in the burial plot of Manoah his father. And he judged Israel twenty years.
Ecclesiastes 9:16	Then said I, Wisdom is better than strength: nevertheless the poor man’s wisdom is despised, and his words are not heard.
Mark 8:34	And when he had called the people to him with his disciples also, he said to them, Whoever will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.
Proverbs 31:7	Let him drink, and forget his poverty, and remember his misery no more.
John 2:6	And there were set there six water pots of stone, after the manner of the purifying of the Jews, containing two or three firkins apiece.
Luke 24:2	And they found the stone rolled away from the sepulcher.
Luke 19:2	And, behold, there was a man named Zacchaeus, which was the chief among the publicans, and he was rich.
Judges 6:10	And I said to you, I am the LORD your God; fear not the gods of the Amorites, in whose land you dwell: but you have not obeyed my voice.
1 Kings 7:25	It stood on twelve oxen, three looking toward the north, and three looking toward the west, and three looking toward the south, and three looking toward the east: and the sea was set above on them, and all their hinder parts were inward.
Acts 9:26	And when Saul was come to Jerusalem, he assayed to join himself to the disciples: but they were all afraid of him, and believed not that he was a disciple.
1 Chronicles 14:15	And it shall be, when you shall hear a sound of going in the tops of the mulberry trees, that then you shall go out to battle: for God is gone forth before you to smite the host of the Philistines.
Genesis 39:8	But he refused, and said to his master’s wife, Behold, my master wotteth not what is with me in the house, and he has committed all that he has to my hand;
Genesis 42:11	We are all one man’s sons; we are true men, your servants are no spies.
2 Kings 10:31	But Jehu took no heed to walk in the law of the LORD God of Israel with all his heart: for he departed not from the sins of Jeroboam, which made Israel to sin.
Matthew 16:19	And I will give to you the keys of the kingdom of heaven: and whatever you shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatever you shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven.
Nehemiah 9:35	For they have not served you in their kingdom, and in your great goodness that you gave them, and in the large and fat land which you gave before them, neither turned they from their wicked works.
Acts 17:27	That they should seek the Lord, if haply they might feel after him, and find him, though he be not far from every one of us:
Romans 3:12	They are all gone out of the way, they are together become unprofitable; there is none that does good, no, not one.
Genesis 31:33	And Laban went into Jacob’s tent, and into Leah’s tent, and into the two maidservants’ tents; but he found them not. Then went he out of Leah’s tent, and entered into Rachel’s tent.
Psalm 145:12	To make known to the sons of men his mighty acts, and the glorious majesty of his kingdom.
Genesis 18:5	And I will fetch a morsel of bread, and comfort you your hearts; after that you shall pass on: for therefore are you come to your servant. And they said, So do, as you have said.
Jeremiah 20:5	Moreover I will deliver all the strength of this city, and all the labors thereof, and all the precious things thereof, and all the treasures of the kings of Judah will I give into the hand of their enemies, which shall spoil them, and take them, and carry them to Babylon.
Mark 12:5	And again he sent another; and him they killed, and many others; beating some, and killing some.
John 20:10	Then the disciples went away again to their own home.
John 13:28	Now no man at the table knew for what intent he spoke this to him.
Acts 4:25	Who by the mouth of your servant David have said, Why did the heathen rage, and the people imagine vain things?
Romans 12:15	Rejoice with them that do rejoice, and weep with them that weep.
Proverbs 17:1	Better is a dry morsel, and quietness therewith, than an house full of sacrifices with strife.
Deuteronomy 7:4	For they will turn away your son from following me, that they may serve other gods: so will the anger of the LORD be kindled against you, and destroy you suddenly.
Luke 24:10	It was Mary Magdalene and Joanna, and Mary the mother of James, and other women that were with them, which told these things to the apostles.
Joshua 17:16	And the children of Joseph said, The hill is not enough for us: and all the Canaanites that dwell in the land of the valley have chariots of iron, both they who are of Bethshean and her towns, and they who are of the valley of Jezreel.
Psalm 59:6	They return at evening: they make a noise like a dog, and go round about the city.
Joshua 6:27	So the LORD was with Joshua; and his fame was noised throughout all the country.
Acts 12:4	And when he had apprehended him, he put him in prison, and delivered him to four squads of soldiers to keep him; intending after Easter to bring him forth to the people.
Job 36:25	Every man may see it; man may behold it afar off.
Ezekiel 24:7	For her blood is in the middle of her; she set it on the top of a rock; she poured it not on the ground, to cover it with dust;
Exodus 31:2	See, I have called by name Bezaleel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah:
1 Timothy 5:19	Against an elder receive not an accusation, but before two or three witnesses.
John 4:4	And he must needs go through Samaria.
Jeremiah 4:7	The lion is come up from his thicket, and the destroyer of the Gentiles is on his way; he is gone forth from his place to make your land desolate; and your cities shall be laid waste, without an inhabitant.
Mark 8:19	When I broke the five loaves among five thousand, how many baskets full of fragments took you up? They say to him, Twelve.
Mark 10:42	But Jesus called them to him, and said to them, You know that they which are accounted to rule over the Gentiles exercise lordship over them; and their great ones exercise authority on them.
Mark 7:25	For a certain woman, whose young daughter had an unclean spirit, heard of him, and came and fell at his feet:
Acts 21:29	(For they had seen before with him in the city Trophimus an Ephesian, whom they supposed that Paul had brought into the temple.)
1 Samuel 14:49	Now the sons of Saul were Jonathan, and Ishui, and Melchishua: and the names of his two daughters were these; the name of the firstborn Merab, and the name of the younger Michal:
Psalm 51:14	Deliver me from bloodguiltiness, O God, you God of my salvation: and my tongue shall sing aloud of your righteousness.
John 6:18	And the sea arose by reason of a great wind that blew.
1 Peter 1:12	To whom it was revealed, that not to themselves, but to us they did minister the things, which are now reported to you by them that have preached the gospel to you with the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven; which things the angels desire to look into.
Luke 24:48	And you are witnesses of these things.
Luke 22:41	And he was withdrawn from them about a stone’s cast, and kneeled down, and prayed,
Judges 11:17	Then Israel sent messengers to the king of Edom, saying, Let me, I pray you, pass through your land: but the king of Edom would not listen thereto. And in like manner they sent to the king of Moab: but he would not consent: and Israel stayed in Kadesh.
John 21:17	He said to him the third time, Simon, son of Jonas, love you me? Peter was grieved because he said to him the third time, Love you me? And he said to him, Lord, you know all things; you know that I love you. Jesus said to him, Feed my sheep.
Psalm 150:5	Praise him on the loud cymbals: praise him on the high sounding cymbals.
Luke 5:10	And so was also James, and John, the sons of Zebedee, which were partners with Simon. And Jesus said to Simon, Fear not; from now on you shall catch men.
Proverbs 30:11	There is a generation that curses their father, and does not bless their mother.
John 7:32	The Pharisees heard that the people murmured such things concerning him; and the Pharisees and the chief priests sent officers to take him.
Nehemiah 9:36	Behold, we are servants this day, and for the land that you gave to our fathers to eat the fruit thereof and the good thereof, behold, we are servants in it:
Psalm 101:6	My eyes shall be on the faithful of the land, that they may dwell with me: he that walks in a perfect way, he shall serve me.
Leviticus 27:17	If he sanctify his field from the year of jubilee, according to your estimation it shall stand.
Isaiah 49:17	Your children shall make haste; your destroyers and they that made you waste shall go forth of you.
Genesis 24:29	And Rebekah had a brother, and his name was Laban: and Laban ran out to the man, to the well.
Isaiah 28:23	Give you ear, and hear my voice; listen, and hear my speech.
Ezekiel 19:13	And now she is planted in the wilderness, in a dry and thirsty ground.
1 Chronicles 17:5	For I have not dwelled in an house since the day that I brought up Israel to this day; but have gone from tent to tent, and from one tabernacle to another.
Numbers 3:2	And these are the names of the sons of Aaron; Nadab the firstborn, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.
1 Samuel 22:16	And the king said, You shall surely die, Ahimelech, you, and all your father’s house.
Isaiah 3:17	Therefore the LORD will smite with a scab the crown of the head of the daughters of Zion, and the LORD will discover their secret parts.
Matthew 14:17	And they say to him, We have here but five loaves, and two fishes.
Lamentations 3:23	They are new every morning: great is your faithfulness.
Matthew 26:9	For this ointment might have been sold for much, and given to the poor.
Numbers 13:13	Of the tribe of Asher, Sethur the son of Michael.
Numbers 7:37	His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:
Jeremiah 48:21	And judgment is come on the plain country; on Holon, and on Jahazah, and on Mephaath,
Psalm 126:3	The LORD has done great things for us; whereof we are glad.
Leviticus 6:7	And the priest shall make an atonement for him before the LORD: and it shall be forgiven him for any thing of all that he has done in trespassing therein.
2 Samuel 13:33	Now therefore let not my lord the king take the thing to his heart, to think that all the king’s sons are dead: for Amnon only is dead.
Genesis 10:20	These are the sons of Ham, after their families, after their tongues, in their countries, and in their nations.
Isaiah 60:9	Surely the isles shall wait for me, and the ships of Tarshish first, to bring your sons from far, their silver and their gold with them, to the name of the LORD your God, and to the Holy One of Israel, because he has glorified you.
Judges 6:36	And Gideon said to God, If you will save Israel by my hand, as you have said,
2 Samuel 24:5	And they passed over Jordan, and pitched in Aroer, on the right side of the city that lies in the middle of the river of Gad, and toward Jazer:
Leviticus 27:14	And when a man shall sanctify his house to be holy to the LORD, then the priest shall estimate it, whether it be good or bad: as the priest shall estimate it, so shall it stand.
John 2:10	And said to him, Every man at the beginning does set forth good wine; and when men have well drunk, then that which is worse: but you have kept the good wine until now.
2 Samuel 13:30	And it came to pass, while they were in the way, that tidings came to David, saying, Absalom has slain all the king’s sons, and there is not one of them left.
Luke 10:7	And in the same house remain, eating and drinking such things as they give: for the laborer is worthy of his hire. Go not from house to house.
Deuteronomy 10:22	Your fathers went down into Egypt with three score and ten persons; and now the LORD your God has made you as the stars of heaven for multitude.
Exodus 26:22	And for the sides of the tabernacle westward you shall make six boards.
Deuteronomy 30:1	And it shall come to pass, when all these things are come on you, the blessing and the curse, which I have set before you, and you shall call them to mind among all the nations, where the LORD your God has driven you,
Romans 15:2	Let every one of us please his neighbor for his good to edification.
Jeremiah 34:16	But you turned and polluted my name, and caused every man his servant, and every man his handmaid, whom he had set at liberty at their pleasure, to return, and brought them into subjection, to be to you for servants and for handmaids.
1 Samuel 23:22	Go, I pray you, prepare yet, and know and see his place where his haunt is, and who has seen him there: for it is told me that he deals very subtly.
Numbers 16:22	And they fell on their faces, and said, O God, the God of the spirits of all flesh, shall one man sin, and will you be wroth with all the congregation?
Genesis 18:2	And he lift up his eyes and looked, and, see, three men stood by him: and when he saw them, he ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed himself toward the ground,
Exodus 12:44	But every man’s servant that is bought for money, when you have circumcised him, then shall he eat thereof.
Mark 13:2	And Jesus answering said to him, See you these great buildings? there shall not be left one stone on another, that shall not be thrown down.
Jeremiah 35:3	Then I took Jaazaniah the son of Jeremiah, the son of Habaziniah, and his brothers, and all his sons, and the whole house of the Rechabites;
Numbers 27:9	And if he have no daughter, then you shall give his inheritance to his brothers.
Habakkuk 1:10	And they shall scoff at the kings, and the princes shall be a scorn to them: they shall deride every strong hold; for they shall heap dust, and take it.
Revelation 14:4	These are they which were not defiled with women; for they are virgins. These are they which follow the Lamb wherever he goes. These were redeemed from among men, being the first fruits to God and to the Lamb.
Job 6:19	The troops of Tema looked, the companies of Sheba waited for them.
Numbers 7:27	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:
Revelation 11:10	And they that dwell on the earth shall rejoice over them, and make merry, and shall send gifts one to another; because these two prophets tormented them that dwelled on the earth.
Deuteronomy 10:19	Love you therefore the stranger: for you were strangers in the land of Egypt.
Job 17:6	He has made me also a byword of the people; and aforetime I was as a tabret.
Acts 2:9	Parthians, and Medes, and Elamites, and the dwellers in Mesopotamia, and in Judaea, and Cappadocia, in Pontus, and Asia,
Acts 19:6	And when Paul had laid his hands on them, the Holy Ghost came on them; and they spoke with tongues, and prophesied.
Numbers 7:12	And he that offered his offering the first day was Nahshon the son of Amminadab, of the tribe of Judah:
Psalm 50:12	If I were hungry, I would not tell you: for the world is mine, and the fullness thereof.
Acts 12:14	And when she knew Peter’s voice, she opened not the gate for gladness, but ran in, and told how Peter stood before the gate.
1 Chronicles 6:70	And out of the half tribe of Manasseh; Aner with her suburbs, and Bileam with her suburbs, for the family of the remnant of the sons of Kohath.
Genesis 34:6	And Hamor the father of Shechem went out to Jacob to commune with him.
Ezekiel 39:18	You shall eat the flesh of the mighty, and drink the blood of the princes of the earth, of rams, of lambs, and of goats, of bullocks, all of them fatted calves of Bashan.
Exodus 14:24	And it came to pass, that in the morning watch the LORD looked to the host of the Egyptians through the pillar of fire and of the cloud, and troubled the host of the Egyptians,
Luke 19:47	And he taught daily in the temple. But the chief priests and the scribes and the chief of the people sought to destroy him,
1 Samuel 26:20	Now therefore, let not my blood fall to the earth before the face of the LORD: for the king of Israel is come out to seek a flea, as when one does hunt a partridge in the mountains.
Genesis 4:9	And the LORD said to Cain, Where is Abel your brother? And he said, I know not: Am I my brother’s keeper?
Matthew 24:5	For many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and shall deceive many.
Esther 3:5	And when Haman saw that Mordecai bowed not, nor did him reverence, then was Haman full of wrath.
Matthew 23:24	You blind guides, which strain at a gnat, and swallow a camel.
Acts 13:41	Behold, you despisers, and wonder, and perish: for I work a work in your days, a work which you shall in no wise believe, though a man declare it to you.
Luke 6:43	For a good tree brings not forth corrupt fruit; neither does a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit.
2 Chronicles 30:11	Nevertheless divers of Asher and Manasseh and of Zebulun humbled themselves, and came to Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 10:4	Then said Saul to his armor bearer, Draw your sword, and thrust me through therewith; lest these uncircumcised come and abuse me. But his armor bearer would not; for he was sore afraid. So Saul took a sword, and fell on it.
Mark 4:13	And he said to them, Know you not this parable? and how then will you know all parables?
Galatians 2:4	And that because of false brothers unawares brought in, who came in privately to spy out our liberty which we have in Christ Jesus, that they might bring us into bondage:
Jonah 3:2	Arise, go to Nineveh, that great city, and preach to it the preaching that I bid you.
Ezekiel 36:33	Thus said the Lord GOD; In the day that I shall have cleansed you from all your iniquities I will also cause you to dwell in the cities, and the wastes shall be built.
Ezekiel 15:4	Behold, it is cast into the fire for fuel; the fire devours both the ends of it, and the middle of it is burned. Is it meet for any work?
Jeremiah 4:12	Even a full wind from those places shall come to me: now also will I give sentence against them.
2 Kings 5:13	And his servants came near, and spoke to him, and said, My father, if the prophet had bid you do some great thing, would you not have done it? how much rather then, when he said to you, Wash, and be clean?
Exodus 28:41	And you shall put them on Aaron your brother, and his sons with him; and shall anoint them, and consecrate them, and sanctify them, that they may minister to me in the priest’s office.
Matthew 26:47	And while he yet spoke, see, Judas, one of the twelve, came, and with him a great multitude with swords and staves, from the chief priests and elders of the people.
Psalm 71:12	O God, be not far from me: O my God, make haste for my help.
2 Chronicles 17:2	And he placed forces in all the fenced cities of Judah, and set garrisons in the land of Judah, and in the cities of Ephraim, which Asa his father had taken.
Deuteronomy 23:2	A bastard shall not enter into the congregation of the LORD; even to his tenth generation shall he not enter into the congregation of the LORD.
Hosea 9:5	What will you do in the solemn day, and in the day of the feast of the LORD?
Genesis 25:3	And Jokshan begat Sheba, and Dedan. And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, and Letushim, and Leummim.
Esther 9:20	And Mordecai wrote these things, and sent letters to all the Jews that were in all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus, both near and far,
Matthew 6:14	For if you forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you:
Proverbs 30:16	The grave; and the barren womb; the earth that is not filled with water; and the fire that said not, It is enough.
Proverbs 15:21	Folly is joy to him that is destitute of wisdom: but a man of understanding walks uprightly.
Revelation 7:12	Saying, Amen: Blessing, and glory, and wisdom, and thanksgiving, and honor, and power, and might, be to our God for ever and ever. Amen.
Numbers 34:26	And the prince of the tribe of the children of Issachar, Paltiel the son of Azzan.
Isaiah 32:13	On the land of my people shall come up thorns and briers; yes, on all the houses of joy in the joyous city:
Exodus 12:37	And the children of Israel journeyed from Rameses to Succoth, about six hundred thousand on foot that were men, beside children.
Acts 5:6	And the young men arose, wound him up, and carried him out, and buried him.
2 Kings 10:25	And it came to pass, as soon as he had made an end of offering the burnt offering, that Jehu said to the guard and to the captains, Go in, and slay them; let none come forth. And they smote them with the edge of the sword; and the guard and the captains cast them out, and went to the city of the house of Baal.
2 Kings 15:15	And the rest of the acts of Shallum, and his conspiracy which he made, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel.
Job 40:21	He lies under the shady trees, in the covert of the reed, and fens.
2 Kings 23:32	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his fathers had done.
Psalm 37:16	A little that a righteous man has is better than the riches of many wicked.
Job 20:26	All darkness shall be hid in his secret places: a fire not blown shall consume him; it shall go ill with him that is left in his tabernacle.
Exodus 1:5	And all the souls that came out of the loins of Jacob were seventy souls: for Joseph was in Egypt already.
John 1:50	Jesus answered and said to him, Because I said to you, I saw you under the fig tree, believe you? you shall see greater things than these.
Micah 3:5	Thus said the LORD concerning the prophets that make my people err, that bite with their teeth, and cry, Peace; and he that puts not into their mouths, they even prepare war against him.
Mark 12:41	And Jesus sat over against the treasury, and beheld how the people cast money into the treasury: and many that were rich cast in much.
Jeremiah 50:28	The voice of them that flee and escape out of the land of Babylon, to declare in Zion the vengeance of the LORD our God, the vengeance of his temple.
Ezekiel 26:4	And they shall destroy the walls of Tyrus, and break down her towers: I will also scrape her dust from her, and make her like the top of a rock.
1 Kings 1:51	And it was told Solomon, saying, Behold, Adonijah fears king Solomon: for, see, he has caught hold on the horns of the altar, saying, Let king Solomon swear to me today that he will not slay his servant with the sword.
John 1:47	Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and said of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!
Numbers 19:8	And he that burns her shall wash his clothes in water, and bathe his flesh in water, and shall be unclean until the even.
Numbers 27:19	And set him before Eleazar the priest, and before all the congregation; and give him a charge in their sight.
2 Corinthians 8:8	I speak not by commandment, but by occasion of the forwardness of others, and to prove the sincerity of your love.
Romans 11:28	As concerning the gospel, they are enemies for your sakes: but as touching the election, they are beloved for the father’s sakes.
Exodus 25:31	And you shall make a candlestick of pure gold: of beaten work shall the candlestick be made: his shaft, and his branches, his bowls, his knops, and his flowers, shall be of the same.
Isaiah 56:10	His watchmen are blind: they are all ignorant, they are all dumb dogs, they cannot bark; sleeping, lying down, loving to slumber.
Matthew 8:26	And he said to them, Why are you fearful, O you of little faith? Then he arose, and rebuked the winds and the sea; and there was a great calm.
1 Corinthians 4:6	And these things, brothers, I have in a figure transferred to myself and to Apollos for your sakes; that you might learn in us not to think of men above that which is written, that no one of you be puffed up for one against another.
Deuteronomy 10:21	He is your praise, and he is your God, that has done for you these great and terrible things, which your eyes have seen.
1 Chronicles 24:3	And David distributed them, both Zadok of the sons of Eleazar, and Ahimelech of the sons of Ithamar, according to their offices in their service.
Psalm 7:3	O LORD my God, If I have done this; if there be iniquity in my hands;
Isaiah 64:2	As when the melting fire burns, the fire causes the waters to boil, to make your name known to your adversaries, that the nations may tremble at your presence!
Psalm 113:5	Who is like to the LORD our God, who dwells on high,
Psalm 76:12	He shall cut off the spirit of princes: he is terrible to the kings of the earth.
Luke 16:1	And he said also to his disciples, There was a certain rich man, which had a steward; and the same was accused to him that he had wasted his goods.
Acts 26:2	I think myself happy, king Agrippa, because I shall answer for myself this day before you touching all the things whereof I am accused of the Jews:
Deuteronomy 4:6	Keep therefore and do them; for this is your wisdom and your understanding in the sight of the nations, which shall hear all these statutes, and say, Surely this great nation is a wise and understanding people.
Deuteronomy 23:13	And you shall have a paddle on your weapon; and it shall be, when you will ease yourself abroad, you shall dig therewith, and shall turn back and cover that which comes from you:
1 Samuel 10:12	And one of the same place answered and said, But who is their father? Therefore it became a proverb, Is Saul also among the prophets?
1 Chronicles 25:6	All these were under the hands of their father for song in the house of the LORD, with cymbals, psalteries, and harps, for the service of the house of God, according to the king’s order to Asaph, Jeduthun, and Heman.
Acts 17:11	These were more noble than those in Thessalonica, in that they received the word with all readiness of mind, and searched the scriptures daily, whether those things were so.
Daniel 6:8	Now, O king, establish the decree, and sign the writing, that it be not changed, according to the law of the Medes and Persians, which alters not.
Isaiah 60:6	The multitude of camels shall cover you, the dromedaries of Midian and Ephah; all they from Sheba shall come: they shall bring gold and incense; and they shall show forth the praises of the LORD.
Acts 13:39	And by him all that believe are justified from all things, from which you could not be justified by the law of Moses.
Numbers 31:27	And divide the prey into two parts; between them that took the war on them, who went out to battle, and between all the congregation:
Exodus 32:32	Yet now, if you will forgive their sin—; and if not, blot me, I pray you, out of your book which you have written.
Leviticus 2:16	And the priest shall burn the memorial of it, part of the beaten corn thereof, and part of the oil thereof, with all the frankincense thereof: it is an offering made by fire to the LORD.
Psalm 100:2	Serve the LORD with gladness: come before his presence with singing.
1 Corinthians 12:24	For our comely parts have no need: but God has tempered the body together, having given more abundant honor to that part which lacked.
1 Samuel 10:6	And the Spirit of the LORD will come on you, and you shall prophesy with them, and shall be turned into another man.
Job 17:10	But as for you all, do you return, and come now: for I cannot find one wise man among you.
Luke 17:32	Remember Lot’s wife.
Hosea 9:16	Ephraim is smitten, their root is dried up, they shall bear no fruit: yes, though they bring forth, yet will I slay even the beloved fruit of their womb.
2 Corinthians 6:2	(For he said, I have heard you in a time accepted, and in the day of salvation have I succored you: behold, now is the accepted time; behold, now is the day of salvation.)
Job 34:13	Who has given him a charge over the earth? or who has disposed the whole world?
1 Corinthians 16:5	Now I will come to you, when I shall pass through Macedonia: for I do pass through Macedonia.
Luke 7:19	And John calling to him two of his disciples sent them to Jesus, saying, Are you he that should come? or look we for another?
Proverbs 12:18	There is that speaks like the piercings of a sword: but the tongue of the wise is health.
Joshua 8:20	And when the men of Ai looked behind them, they saw, and, behold, the smoke of the city ascended up to heaven, and they had no power to flee this way or that way: and the people that fled to the wilderness turned back on the pursuers.
Judges 1:5	And they found Adonibezek in Bezek: and they fought against him, and they slew the Canaanites and the Perizzites.
Psalm 138:3	In the day when I cried you answered me, and strengthened me with strength in my soul.
Ephesians 6:22	Whom I have sent to you for the same purpose, that you might know our affairs, and that he might comfort your hearts.
Luke 10:31	And by chance there came down a certain priest that way: and when he saw him, he passed by on the other side.
Deuteronomy 10:2	And I will write on the tables the words that were in the first tables which you brake, and you shall put them in the ark.
Acts 5:2	And kept back part of the price, his wife also being privy to it, and brought a certain part, and laid it at the apostles’ feet.
Psalm 62:10	Trust not in oppression, and become not vain in robbery: if riches increase, set not your heart on them.
Exodus 28:34	A golden bell and a pomegranate, a golden bell and a pomegranate, on the hem of the robe round about.
Daniel 9:8	O Lord, to us belongs confusion of face, to our kings, to our princes, and to our fathers, because we have sinned against you.
Psalm 37:22	For such as be blessed of him shall inherit the earth; and they that be cursed of him shall be cut off.
Job 32:17	I said, I will answer also my part, I also will show my opinion.
Luke 11:48	Truly you bear witness that you allow the deeds of your fathers: for they indeed killed them, and you build their sepulchers.
Ezekiel 24:14	I the LORD have spoken it: it shall come to pass, and I will do it; I will not go back, neither will I spare, neither will I repent; according to your ways, and according to your doings, shall they judge you, said the Lord GOD.
Psalm 72:7	In his days shall the righteous flourish; and abundance of peace so long as the moon endures.
Joshua 5:13	And it came to pass, when Joshua was by Jericho, that he lifted up his eyes and looked, and, behold, there stood a man over against him with his sword drawn in his hand: and Joshua went to him, and said to him, Are you for us, or for our adversaries?
Joshua 24:19	And Joshua said to the people, You cannot serve the LORD: for he is an holy God; he is a jealous God; he will not forgive your transgressions nor your sins.
Zechariah 8:17	And let none of you imagine evil in your hearts against his neighbor; and love no false oath: for all these are things that I hate, said the LORD.
1 Chronicles 2:14	Nethaneel the fourth, Raddai the fifth,
Genesis 27:20	And Isaac said to his son, How is it that you have found it so quickly, my son? And he said, Because the LORD your God brought it to me.
1 Kings 7:43	And the ten bases, and ten lavers on the bases;
1 Kings 21:19	And you shall speak to him, saying, Thus said the LORD, Have you killed, and also taken possession? And you shall speak to him, saying, Thus said the LORD, In the place where dogs licked the blood of Naboth shall dogs lick your blood, even yours.
John 6:58	This is that bread which came down from heaven: not as your fathers did eat manna, and are dead: he that eats of this bread shall live for ever.
Deuteronomy 27:22	Cursed be he that lies with his sister, the daughter of his father, or the daughter of his mother. And all the people shall say, Amen.
Luke 10:36	Which now of these three, think you, was neighbor to him that fell among the thieves?
Psalm 119:51	The proud have had me greatly in derision: yet have I not declined from your law.
1 Chronicles 3:1	Now these were the sons of David, which were born to him in Hebron; the firstborn Amnon, of Ahinoam the Jezreelitess; the second Daniel, of Abigail the Carmelitess:
Leviticus 21:2	But for his kin, that is near to him, that is, for his mother, and for his father, and for his son, and for his daughter, and for his brother.
Proverbs 26:5	Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit.
Isaiah 42:6	I the LORD have called you in righteousness, and will hold your hand, and will keep you, and give you for a covenant of the people, for a light of the Gentiles;
Leviticus 22:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Exodus 26:16	Ten cubits shall be the length of a board, and a cubit and a half shall be the breadth of one board.
2 Kings 20:16	And Isaiah said to Hezekiah, Hear the word of the LORD.
Proverbs 31:19	She lays her hands to the spindle, and her hands hold the distaff.
1 Chronicles 7:4	And with them, by their generations, after the house of their fathers, were bands of soldiers for war, six and thirty thousand men: for they had many wives and sons.
Psalm 73:8	They are corrupt, and speak wickedly concerning oppression: they speak loftily.
Micah 4:4	But they shall sit every man under his vine and under his fig tree; and none shall make them afraid: for the mouth of the LORD of hosts has spoken it.
Psalm 73:17	Until I went into the sanctuary of God; then understood I their end.
Deuteronomy 26:16	This day the LORD your God has commanded you to do these statutes and judgments: you shall therefore keep and do them with all your heart, and with all your soul.
Job 29:8	The young men saw me, and hid themselves: and the aged arose, and stood up.
Psalm 51:16	For you desire not sacrifice; else would I give it: you delight not in burnt offering.
Genesis 50:13	For his sons carried him into the land of Canaan, and buried him in the cave of the field of Machpelah, which Abraham bought with the field for a possession of a burial plot of Ephron the Hittite, before Mamre.
Amos 2:6	Thus said the LORD; For three transgressions of Israel, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they sold the righteous for silver, and the poor for a pair of shoes;
Psalm 58:9	Before your pots can feel the thorns, he shall take them away as with a whirlwind, both living, and in his wrath.
Matthew 5:41	And whoever shall compel you to go a mile, go with him two.
Genesis 41:27	And the seven thin and ill favored cows that came up after them are seven years; and the seven empty ears blasted with the east wind shall be seven years of famine.
1 Chronicles 27:22	Of Dan, Azareel the son of Jeroham. These were the princes of the tribes of Israel.
1 Samuel 14:14	And that first slaughter, which Jonathan and his armor bearer made, was about twenty men, within as it were an half acre of land, which a yoke of oxen might plow.
Psalm 119:102	I have not departed from your judgments: for you have taught me.
Ruth 3:7	And when Boaz had eaten and drunk, and his heart was merry, he went to lie down at the end of the heap of corn: and she came softly, and uncovered his feet, and laid her down.
1 Chronicles 1:27	Abram; the same is Abraham.
Numbers 6:11	And the priest shall offer the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering, and make an atonement for him, for that he sinned by the dead, and shall hallow his head that same day.
Titus 1:4	To Titus, my own son after the common faith: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ our Savior.
Acts 7:10	And delivered him out of all his afflictions, and gave him favor and wisdom in the sight of Pharaoh king of Egypt; and he made him governor over Egypt and all his house.
Joshua 21:20	And the families of the children of Kohath, the Levites which remained of the children of Kohath, even they had the cities of their lot out of the tribe of Ephraim.
Revelation 20:6	Blessed and holy is he that has part in the first resurrection: on such the second death has no power, but they shall be priests of God and of Christ, and shall reign with him a thousand years.
Daniel 2:23	I thank you, and praise you, O you God of my fathers, who have given me wisdom and might, and have made known to me now what we desired of you: for you have now made known to us the king’s matter.
2 Corinthians 8:2	How that in a great trial of affliction the abundance of their joy and their deep poverty abounded to the riches of their liberality.
2 Chronicles 15:6	And nation was destroyed of nation, and city of city: for God did vex them with all adversity.
Exodus 19:5	Now therefore, if you will obey my voice indeed, and keep my covenant, then you shall be a peculiar treasure to me above all people: for all the earth is mine:
2 Samuel 11:7	And when Uriah was come to him, David demanded of him how Joab did, and how the people did, and how the war prospered.
Deuteronomy 27:10	You shall therefore obey the voice of the LORD your God, and do his commandments and his statutes, which I command you this day.
Deuteronomy 1:6	The LORD our God spoke to us in Horeb, saying, You have dwelled long enough in this mount:
1 Timothy 5:2	The elder women as mothers; the younger as sisters, with all purity.
Joshua 9:3	And when the inhabitants of Gibeon heard what Joshua had done to Jericho and to Ai,
Leviticus 23:37	These are the feasts of the LORD, which you shall proclaim to be holy convocations, to offer an offering made by fire to the LORD, a burnt offering, and a meat offering, a sacrifice, and drink offerings, every thing on his day:
John 18:38	Pilate said to him, What is truth? And when he had said this, he went out again to the Jews, and said to them, I find in him no fault at all.
Psalm 104:18	The high hills are a refuge for the wild goats; and the rocks for the conies.
Leviticus 4:2	Speak to the children of Israel, saying, If a soul shall sin through ignorance against any of the commandments of the LORD concerning things which ought not to be done, and shall do against any of them:
Psalm 88:4	I am counted with them that go down into the pit: I am as a man that has no strength:
Ezekiel 31:6	All the fowls of heaven made their nests in his boughs, and under his branches did all the beasts of the field bring forth their young, and under his shadow dwelled all great nations.
Jeremiah 5:26	For among my people are found wicked men: they lay wait, as he that sets snares; they set a trap, they catch men.
Genesis 15:1	After these things the word of the LORD came to Abram in a vision, saying, Fear not, Abram: I am your shield, and your exceeding great reward.
Daniel 2:10	The Chaldeans answered before the king, and said, There is not a man on the earth that can show the king’s matter: therefore there is no king, lord, nor ruler, that asked such things at any magician, or astrologer, or Chaldean.
Job 34:9	For he has said, It profits a man nothing that he should delight himself with God.
Job 24:15	The eye also of the adulterer waits for the twilight, saying, No eye shall see me: and disguises his face.
Judges 18:19	And they said to him, Hold your peace, lay your hand on your mouth, and go with us, and be to us a father and a priest: is it better for you to be a priest to the house of one man, or that you be a priest to a tribe and a family in Israel?
Matthew 6:25	Therefore I say to you, Take no thought for your life, what you shall eat, or what you shall drink; nor yet for your body, what you shall put on. Is not the life more than meat, and the body than raiment?
Judges 10:2	And he judged Israel twenty and three years, and died, and was buried in Shamir.
Leviticus 13:33	He shall be shaven, but the scale shall he not shave; and the priest shall shut up him that has the scale seven days more:
Esther 6:4	And the king said, Who is in the court? Now Haman was come into the outward court of the king’s house, to speak to the king to hang Mordecai on the gallows that he had prepared for him.
Luke 15:22	But the father said to his servants, Bring forth the best robe, and put it on him; and put a ring on his hand, and shoes on his feet:
Jeremiah 38:20	But Jeremiah said, They shall not deliver you. Obey, I beseech you, the voice of the LORD, which I speak to you: so it shall be well to you, and your soul shall live.
1 Kings 10:26	And Solomon gathered together chariots and horsemen: and he had a thousand and four hundred chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen, whom he bestowed in the cities for chariots, and with the king at Jerusalem.
Psalm 14:3	They are all gone aside, they are all together become filthy: there is none that does good, no, not one.
Deuteronomy 2:22	As he did to the children of Esau, which dwelled in Seir, when he destroyed the Horims from before them; and they succeeded them, and dwelled in their stead even to this day:
Psalm 143:11	Quicken me, O LORD, for your name’s sake: for your righteousness’ sake bring my soul out of trouble.
Acts 8:19	Saying, Give me also this power, that on whomsoever I lay hands, he may receive the Holy Ghost.
Isaiah 46:1	Bel bows down, Nebo stoops, their idols were on the beasts, and on the cattle: your carriages were heavy laden; they are a burden to the weary beast.
Psalm 119:119	You put away all the wicked of the earth like dross: therefore I love your testimonies.
Luke 16:27	Then he said, I pray you therefore, father, that you would send him to my father’s house:
Esther 7:1	So the king and Haman came to banquet with Esther the queen.
Matthew 12:7	But if you had known what this means, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice, you would not have condemned the guiltless.
Deuteronomy 24:17	You shall not pervert the judgment of the stranger, nor of the fatherless; nor take a widow’s raiment to pledge:
1 Kings 16:19	For his sins which he sinned in doing evil in the sight of the LORD, in walking in the way of Jeroboam, and in his sin which he did, to make Israel to sin.
Job 31:36	Surely I would take it on my shoulder, and bind it as a crown to me.
Exodus 14:26	And the LORD said to Moses, Stretch out your hand over the sea, that the waters may come again on the Egyptians, on their chariots, and on their horsemen.
Leviticus 13:59	This is the law of the plague of leprosy in a garment of woolen or linen, either in the warp, or woof, or any thing of skins, to pronounce it clean, or to pronounce it unclean.
Psalm 67:3	Let the people praise you, O God; let all the people praise you.
Job 11:10	If he cut off, and shut up, or gather together, then who can hinder him?
Leviticus 10:2	And there went out fire from the LORD, and devoured them, and they died before the LORD.
Leviticus 7:9	And all the meat offering that is baked in the oven, and all that is dressed in the frying pan, and in the pan, shall be the priest’s that offers it.
1 Thessalonians 4:15	For this we say to you by the word of the Lord, that we which are alive and remain to the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep.
Deuteronomy 11:21	That your days may be multiplied, and the days of your children, in the land which the LORD swore to your fathers to give them, as the days of heaven on the earth.
Exodus 35:21	And they came, every one whose heart stirred him up, and every one whom his spirit made willing, and they brought the LORD’s offering to the work of the tabernacle of the congregation, and for all his service, and for the holy garments.
Psalm 11:7	For the righteous LORD loves righteousness; his countenance does behold the upright.
Exodus 14:31	And Israel saw that great work which the LORD did on the Egyptians: and the people feared the LORD, and believed the LORD, and his servant Moses.
2 Kings 10:19	Now therefore call to me all the prophets of Baal, all his servants, and all his priests; let none be wanting: for I have a great sacrifice to do to Baal; whoever shall be wanting, he shall not live. But Jehu did it in subtlety, to the intent that he might destroy the worshippers of Baal.
Job 40:13	Hide them in the dust together; and bind their faces in secret.
Isaiah 49:26	And I will feed them that oppress you with their own flesh; and they shall be drunken with their own blood, as with sweet wine: and all flesh shall know that I the LORD am your Savior and your Redeemer, the mighty One of Jacob.
Luke 9:30	And, behold, there talked with him two men, which were Moses and Elias:
Ezekiel 2:3	And he said to me, Son of man, I send you to the children of Israel, to a rebellious nation that has rebelled against me: they and their fathers have transgressed against me, even to this very day.
Numbers 29:23	And on the fourth day ten bullocks, two rams, and fourteen lambs of the first year without blemish:
2 Chronicles 6:35	Then hear you from the heavens their prayer and their supplication, and maintain their cause.
Ezekiel 16:3	And say, Thus said the Lord GOD to Jerusalem; Your birth and your nativity is of the land of Canaan; your father was an Amorite, and your mother an Hittite.
1 Kings 7:16	And he made two capitals of molten brass, to set on the tops of the pillars: the height of the one capital was five cubits, and the height of the other capital was five cubits:
Psalm 144:1	Blessed be the LORD my strength which teaches my hands to war, and my fingers to fight:
Ezra 8:31	Then we departed from the river of Ahava on the twelfth day of the first month, to go to Jerusalem: and the hand of our God was on us, and he delivered us from the hand of the enemy, and of such as lay in wait by the way.
1 Chronicles 12:12	Johanan the eighth, Elzabad the ninth,
Psalm 106:17	The earth opened and swallowed up Dathan and covered the company of Abiram.
Judges 3:16	But Ehud made him a dagger which had two edges, of a cubit length; and he did gird it under his raiment on his right thigh.
Ezra 8:19	And Hashabiah, and with him Jeshaiah of the sons of Merari, his brothers and their sons, twenty;
Isaiah 59:9	Therefore is judgment far from us, neither does justice overtake us: we wait for light, but behold obscurity; for brightness, but we walk in darkness.
Psalm 32:1	Blessed is he whose transgression is forgiven, whose sin is covered.
Ezra 2:39	The children of Harim, a thousand and seventeen.
Exodus 7:11	Then Pharaoh also called the wise men and the sorcerers: now the magicians of Egypt, they also did in like manner with their enchantments.
Job 40:22	The shady trees cover him with their shadow; the willows of the brook compass him about.
Joshua 20:5	And if the avenger of blood pursue after him, then they shall not deliver the slayer up into his hand; because he smote his neighbor unwittingly, and hated him not beforetime.
Acts 27:6	And there the centurion found a ship of Alexandria sailing into Italy; and he put us therein.
Luke 12:18	And he said, This will I do: I will pull down my barns, and build greater; and there will I bestow all my fruits and my goods.
Numbers 31:50	We have therefore brought an oblation for the LORD, what every man has gotten, of jewels of gold, chains, and bracelets, rings, earrings, and tablets, to make an atonement for our souls before the LORD.
Acts 4:6	And Annas the high priest, and Caiaphas, and John, and Alexander, and as many as were of the kindred of the high priest, were gathered together at Jerusalem.
John 8:10	When Jesus had lifted up himself, and saw none but the woman, he said to her, Woman, where are those your accusers? has no man condemned you?
Genesis 47:22	Only the land of the priests bought he not; for the priests had a portion assigned them of Pharaoh, and did eat their portion which Pharaoh gave them: why they sold not their lands.
Psalm 132:3	Surely I will not come into the tabernacle of my house, nor go up into my bed;
Ecclesiastes 3:11	He has made every thing beautiful in his time: also he has set the world in their heart, so that no man can find out the work that God makes from the beginning to the end.
Acts 15:40	And Paul chose Silas, and departed, being recommended by the brothers to the grace of God.
Jeremiah 10:11	Thus shall you say to them, The gods that have not made the heavens and the earth, even they shall perish from the earth, and from under these heavens.
Psalm 107:25	For he commands, and raises the stormy wind, which lifts up the waves thereof.
1 Samuel 14:44	And Saul answered, God do so and more also: for you shall surely die, Jonathan.
Psalm 97:10	You that love the LORD, hate evil: he preserves the souls of his saints; he delivers them out of the hand of the wicked.
2 Corinthians 5:16	Why from now on know we no man after the flesh: yes, though we have known Christ after the flesh, yet now from now on know we him no more.
Ezekiel 14:1	Then came certain of the elders of Israel to me, and sat before me.
Philippians 2:18	For the same cause also do you joy, and rejoice with me.
1 Chronicles 21:25	So David gave to Ornan for the place six hundred shekels of gold by weight.
2 Timothy 2:13	If we believe not, yet he stays faithful: he cannot deny himself.
Judges 15:13	And they spoke to him, saying, No; but we will bind you fast, and deliver you into their hand: but surely we will not kill you. And they bound him with two new cords, and brought him up from the rock.
Acts 17:5	But the Jews which believed not, moved with envy, took to them certain lewd fellows of the baser sort, and gathered a company, and set all the city on an uproar, and assaulted the house of Jason, and sought to bring them out to the people.
Luke 22:28	You are they which have continued with me in my temptations.
Micah 4:2	And many nations shall come, and say, Come, and let us go up to the mountain of the LORD, and to the house of the God of Jacob; and he will teach us of his ways, and we will walk in his paths: for the law shall go forth of Zion, and the word of the LORD from Jerusalem.
Isaiah 9:10	The bricks are fallen down, but we will build with hewn stones: the sycomores are cut down, but we will change them into cedars.
Psalm 109:8	Let his days be few; and let another take his office.
Psalm 135:14	For the LORD will judge his people, and he will repent himself concerning his servants.
Deuteronomy 4:17	The likeness of any beast that is on the earth, the likeness of any winged fowl that flies in the air,
Hosea 5:14	For I will be to Ephraim as a lion, and as a young lion to the house of Judah: I, even I, will tear and go away; I will take away, and none shall rescue him.
Leviticus 26:2	You shall keep my sabbaths, and reverence my sanctuary: I am the LORD.
Psalm 147:16	He gives snow like wool: he scatters the hoarfrost like ashes.
Acts 28:30	And Paul dwelled two whole years in his own hired house, and received all that came in to him,
Ecclesiastes 10:4	If the spirit of the ruler rise up against you, leave not your place; for yielding pacifies great offenses.
Isaiah 28:15	Because you have said, We have made a covenant with death, and with hell are we at agreement; when the overflowing whip shall pass through, it shall not come to us: for we have made lies our refuge, and under falsehood have we hid ourselves:
2 Chronicles 9:15	And king Solomon made two hundred targets of beaten gold: six hundred shekels of beaten gold went to one target.
Genesis 30:28	And he said, Appoint me your wages, and I will give it.
Psalm 119:1	Blessed are the undefiled in the way, who walk in the law of the LORD.
2 Samuel 1:8	And he said to me, Who are you? And I answered him, I am an Amalekite.
Hosea 10:2	Their heart is divided; now shall they be found faulty: he shall break down their altars, he shall spoil their images.
Job 21:7	Why do the wicked live, become old, yes, are mighty in power?
Nehemiah 13:23	In those days also saw I Jews that had married wives of Ashdod, of Ammon, and of Moab:
Numbers 26:54	To many you shall give the more inheritance, and to few you shall give the less inheritance: to every one shall his inheritance be given according to those that were numbered of him.
Genesis 12:18	And Pharaoh called Abram and said, What is this that you have done to me? why did you not tell me that she was your wife?
Romans 14:13	Let us not therefore judge one another any more: but judge this rather, that no man put a stumbling block or an occasion to fall in his brother’s way.
Ezra 7:7	And there went up some of the children of Israel, and of the priests, and the Levites, and the singers, and the porters, and the Nethinims, to Jerusalem, in the seventh year of Artaxerxes the king.
Hebrews 7:3	Without father, without mother, without descent, having neither beginning of days, nor end of life; but made like to the Son of God; stays a priest continually.
Revelation 19:10	And I fell at his feet to worship him. And he said to me, See you do it not: I am your fellow servant, and of your brothers that have the testimony of Jesus: worship God: for the testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy.
Luke 7:16	And there came a fear on all: and they glorified God, saying, That a great prophet is risen up among us; and, That God has visited his people.
Acts 26:27	King Agrippa, believe you the prophets? I know that you believe.
Proverbs 31:11	The heart of her husband does safely trust in her, so that he shall have no need of spoil.
Proverbs 22:22	Rob not the poor, because he is poor: neither oppress the afflicted in the gate:
1 Samuel 13:21	Yet they had a file for the mattocks, and for the coulters, and for the forks, and for the axes, and to sharpen the goads.
2 Samuel 23:27	Abiezer the Anethothite, Mebunnai the Hushathite,
1 Thessalonians 5:20	Despise not prophesyings.
Leviticus 7:14	And of it he shall offer one out of the whole oblation for an heave offering to the LORD, and it shall be the priest’s that sprinkles the blood of the peace offerings.
Zechariah 7:12	Yes, they made their hearts as an adamant stone, lest they should hear the law, and the words which the LORD of hosts has sent in his spirit by the former prophets: therefore came a great wrath from the LORD of hosts.
2 Kings 7:6	For the LORD had made the host of the Syrians to hear a noise of chariots, and a noise of horses, even the noise of a great host: and they said one to another, See, the king of Israel has hired against us the kings of the Hittites, and the kings of the Egyptians, to come on us.
2 Chronicles 22:11	But Jehoshabeath, the daughter of the king, took Joash the son of Ahaziah, and stole him from among the king’s sons that were slain, and put him and his nurse in a bedchamber. So Jehoshabeath, the daughter of king Jehoram, the wife of Jehoiada the priest, (for she was the sister of Ahaziah,) hid him from Athaliah, so that she slew him not.
Jeremiah 4:25	I beheld, and, see, there was no man, and all the birds of the heavens were fled.
2 Samuel 2:19	And Asahel pursued after Abner; and in going he turned not to the right hand nor to the left from following Abner.
Proverbs 31:25	Strength and honor are her clothing; and she shall rejoice in time to come.
Psalm 71:2	Deliver me in your righteousness, and cause me to escape: incline your ear to me, and save me.
Hebrews 12:8	But if you be without chastisement, whereof all are partakers, then are you bastards, and not sons.
Psalm 42:2	My soul thirsts for God, for the living God: when shall I come and appear before God?
Matthew 3:16	And Jesus, when he was baptized, went up straightway out of the water: and, see, the heavens were opened to him, and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove, and lighting on him:
Revelation 22:18	For I testify to every man that hears the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add to these things, God shall add to him the plagues that are written in this book:
Exodus 36:36	And he made thereunto four pillars of shittim wood, and overlaid them with gold: their hooks were of gold; and he cast for them four sockets of silver.
Proverbs 4:17	For they eat the bread of wickedness, and drink the wine of violence.
1 Timothy 1:9	Knowing this, that the law is not made for a righteous man, but for the lawless and disobedient, for the ungodly and for sinners, for unholy and profane, for murderers of fathers and murderers of mothers, for murderers,
Exodus 10:4	Else, if you refuse to let my people go, behold, to morrow will I bring the locusts into your coast:
Psalm 105:16	Moreover he called for a famine on the land: he broke the whole staff of bread.
Exodus 8:30	And Moses went out from Pharaoh, and entreated the LORD.
Acts 26:14	And when we were all fallen to the earth, I heard a voice speaking to me, and saying in the Hebrew tongue, Saul, Saul, why persecute you me? it is hard for you to kick against the pricks.
John 15:19	If you were of the world, the world would love his own: but because you are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hates you.
Numbers 8:7	And thus shall you do to them, to cleanse them: Sprinkle water of purifying on them, and let them shave all their flesh, and let them wash their clothes, and so make themselves clean.
Jeremiah 21:14	But I will punish you according to the fruit of your doings, said the LORD: and I will kindle a fire in the forest thereof, and it shall devour all things round about it.
Psalm 7:13	He has also prepared for him the instruments of death; he ordains his arrows against the persecutors.
John 12:44	Jesus cried and said, He that believes on me, believes not on me, but on him that sent me.
Job 38:36	Who has put wisdom in the inward parts? or who has given understanding to the heart?
Ezekiel 37:9	Then said he to me, Prophesy to the wind, prophesy, son of man, and say to the wind, Thus said the Lord GOD; Come from the four winds, O breath, and breathe on these slain, that they may live.
Deuteronomy 33:26	There is none like to the God of Jeshurun, who rides on the heaven in your help, and in his excellency on the sky.
Ezekiel 25:4	Behold, therefore I will deliver you to the men of the east for a possession, and they shall set their palaces in you, and make their dwellings in you: they shall eat your fruit, and they shall drink your milk.
Jeremiah 23:5	Behold, the days come, said the LORD, that I will raise to David a righteous Branch, and a King shall reign and prosper, and shall execute judgment and justice in the earth.
Galatians 5:22	But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, long-suffering, gentleness, goodness, faith,
Ezekiel 1:22	And the likeness of the firmament on the heads of the living creature was as the color of the terrible crystal, stretched forth over their heads above.
Genesis 19:15	And when the morning arose, then the angels hastened Lot, saying, Arise, take your wife, and your two daughters, which are here; lest you be consumed in the iniquity of the city.
John 4:9	Then said the woman of Samaria to him, How is it that you, being a Jew, ask drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans.
Genesis 46:29	And Joseph made ready his chariot, and went up to meet Israel his father, to Goshen, and presented himself to him; and he fell on his neck, and wept on his neck a good while.
2 Chronicles 30:17	For there were many in the congregation that were not sanctified: therefore the Levites had the charge of the killing of the passovers for every one that was not clean, to sanctify them to the LORD.
1 Kings 14:28	And it was so, when the king went into the house of the LORD, that the guard bore them, and brought them back into the guard chamber.
Luke 3:22	And the Holy Ghost descended in a bodily shape like a dove on him, and a voice came from heaven, which said, You are my beloved Son; in you I am well pleased.
Acts 23:12	And when it was day, certain of the Jews banded together, and bound themselves under a curse, saying that they would neither eat nor drink till they had killed Paul.
Psalm 66:17	I cried to him with my mouth, and he was extolled with my tongue.
Exodus 21:13	And if a man lie not in wait, but God deliver him into his hand; then I will appoint you a place where he shall flee.
Matthew 7:13	Enter you in at the strait gate: for wide is the gate, and broad is the way, that leads to destruction, and many there be which go in thereat:
2 Chronicles 36:8	Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and his abominations which he did, and that which was found in him, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah: and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his stead.
1 Samuel 21:10	And David arose and fled that day for fear of Saul, and went to Achish the king of Gath.
Leviticus 26:35	As long as it lies desolate it shall rest; because it did not rest in your sabbaths, when you dwelled on it.
Psalm 86:7	In the day of my trouble I will call on you: for you will answer me.
Proverbs 21:12	The righteous man wisely considers the house of the wicked: but God overthrows the wicked for their wickedness.
1 Kings 14:17	And Jeroboam’s wife arose, and departed, and came to Tirzah: and when she came to the threshold of the door, the child died;
Colossians 1:11	Strengthened with all might, according to his glorious power, to all patience and long-suffering with joyfulness;
Revelation 5:14	And the four beasts said, Amen. And the four and twenty elders fell down and worshipped him that lives for ever and ever.
Job 16:9	He tears me in his wrath, who hates me: he gnashes on me with his teeth; my enemy sharpens his eyes on me.
Ezekiel 38:22	And I will plead against him with pestilence and with blood; and I will rain on him, and on his bands, and on the many people that are with him, an overflowing rain, and great hailstones, fire, and brimstone.
Leviticus 20:13	If a man also lie with mankind, as he lies with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination: they shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be on them.
2 Samuel 10:16	And Hadarezer sent, and brought out the Syrians that were beyond the river: and they came to Helam; and Shobach the captain of the host of Hadarezer went before them.
Matthew 13:15	For this people’s heart is waxed gross, and their ears are dull of hearing, and their eyes they have closed; lest at any time they should see with their eyes and hear with their ears, and should understand with their heart, and should be converted, and I should heal them.
Ezekiel 36:30	And I will multiply the fruit of the tree, and the increase of the field, that you shall receive no more reproach of famine among the heathen.
Matthew 9:38	Pray you therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he will send forth laborers into his harvest.
1 Timothy 3:13	For they that have used the office of a deacon well purchase to themselves a good degree, and great boldness in the faith which is in Christ Jesus.
1 Chronicles 1:50	And when Baalhanan was dead, Hadad reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Pai; and his wife’s name was Mehetabel, the daughter of Matred, the daughter of Mezahab.
1 Kings 18:37	Hear me, O LORD, hear me, that this people may know that you are the LORD God, and that you have turned their heart back again.
1 Peter 1:1	Peter, an apostle of Jesus Christ, to the strangers scattered throughout Pontus, Galatia, Cappadocia, Asia, and Bithynia,
Isaiah 10:9	Is not Calno as Carchemish? is not Hamath as Arpad? is not Samaria as Damascus?
1 Samuel 6:14	And the cart came into the field of Joshua, a Bethshemite, and stood there, where there was a great stone: and they split the wood of the cart, and offered the cows a burnt offering to the LORD.
Nahum 3:8	Are you better than populous No, that was situate among the rivers, that had the waters round about it, whose rampart was the sea, and her wall was from the sea?
John 6:41	The Jews then murmured at him, because he said, I am the bread which came down from heaven.
Jeremiah 2:12	Be astonished, O you heavens, at this, and be horribly afraid, be you very desolate, said the LORD.
Matthew 15:9	But in vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men.
Job 12:8	Or speak to the earth, and it shall teach you: and the fishes of the sea shall declare to you.
Daniel 5:5	In the same hour came forth fingers of a man’s hand, and wrote over against the candlestick on the plaster of the wall of the king’s palace: and the king saw the part of the hand that wrote.
Ephesians 6:14	Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness;
Revelation 16:1	And I heard a great voice out of the temple saying to the seven angels, Go your ways, and pour out the vials of the wrath of God on the earth.
Isaiah 14:25	That I will break the Assyrian in my land, and on my mountains tread him under foot: then shall his yoke depart from off them, and his burden depart from off their shoulders.
Jeremiah 22:17	But your eyes and your heart are not but for your covetousness, and for to shed innocent blood, and for oppression, and for violence, to do it.
Jeremiah 46:26	And I will deliver them into the hand of those that seek their lives, and into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, and into the hand of his servants: and afterward it shall be inhabited, as in the days of old, said the LORD.
Proverbs 14:31	He that oppresses the poor reproaches his Maker: but he that honors him has mercy on the poor.
Leviticus 16:31	It shall be a sabbath of rest to you, and you shall afflict your souls, by a statute for ever.
Matthew 23:21	And whoever shall swear by the temple, swears by it, and by him that dwells therein.
Proverbs 5:8	Remove your way far from her, and come not near the door of her house:
Mark 3:13	And he goes up into a mountain, and calls to him whom he would: and they came to him.
1 Corinthians 15:38	But God gives it a body as it has pleased him, and to every seed his own body.
Jeremiah 33:26	Then will I cast away the seed of Jacob and David my servant, so that I will not take any of his seed to be rulers over the seed of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob: for I will cause their captivity to return, and have mercy on them.
Psalm 37:20	But the wicked shall perish, and the enemies of the LORD shall be as the fat of lambs: they shall consume; into smoke shall they consume away.
Exodus 26:7	And you shall make curtains of goats’ hair to be a covering on the tabernacle: eleven curtains shall you make.
Acts 23:10	And when there arose a great dissension, the chief captain, fearing lest Paul should have been pulled in pieces of them, commanded the soldiers to go down, and to take him by force from among them, and to bring him into the castle.
Luke 22:43	And there appeared an angel to him from heaven, strengthening him.
Psalm 51:11	Cast me not away from your presence; and take not your holy spirit from me.
Ezra 2:57	The children of Shephatiah, the children of Hattil, the children of Pochereth of Zebaim, the children of Ami.
2 Samuel 1:1	Now it came to pass after the death of Saul, when David was returned from the slaughter of the Amalekites, and David had stayed two days in Ziklag;
Genesis 49:27	Benjamin shall shred as a wolf: in the morning he shall devour the prey, and at night he shall divide the spoil.
Job 32:15	They were amazed, they answered no more: they left off speaking.
Psalm 119:143	Trouble and anguish have taken hold on me: yet your commandments are my delights.
Zechariah 9:14	And the LORD shall be seen over them, and his arrow shall go forth as the lightning: and the LORD God shall blow the trumpet, and shall go with whirlwinds of the south.
Exodus 21:5	And if the servant shall plainly say, I love my master, my wife, and my children; I will not go out free:
Psalm 149:9	To execute on them the judgment written: this honor have all his saints. Praise you the LORD.
1 Samuel 23:2	Therefore David inquired of the LORD, saying, Shall I go and smite these Philistines? And the LORD said to David, Go, and smite the Philistines, and save Keilah.
Job 35:7	If you be righteous, what give you him? or what receives he of your hand?
Judges 16:6	And Delilah said to Samson, Tell me, I pray you, wherein your great strength lies, and with which you might be bound to afflict you.
2 Kings 7:10	So they came and called to the porter of the city: and they told them, saying, We came to the camp of the Syrians, and, behold, there was no man there, neither voice of man, but horses tied, and asses tied, and the tents as they were.
Luke 22:53	When I was daily with you in the temple, you stretched forth no hands against me: but this is your hour, and the power of darkness.
Jeremiah 22:23	O inhabitant of Lebanon, that make your nest in the cedars, how gracious shall you be when pangs come on you, the pain as of a woman in travail!
Matthew 1:11	And Josias begat Jechonias and his brothers, about the time they were carried away to Babylon:
Exodus 35:4	And Moses spoke to all the congregation of the children of Israel, saying, This is the thing which the LORD commanded, saying,
Matthew 5:16	Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven.
Leviticus 24:22	You shall have one manner of law, as well for the stranger, as for one of your own country: for I am the LORD your God.
Psalm 141:4	Incline not my heart to any evil thing, to practice wicked works with men that work iniquity: and let me not eat of their dainties.
Luke 21:32	Truly I say to you, This generation shall not pass away, till all be fulfilled.
Isaiah 27:9	By this therefore shall the iniquity of Jacob be purged; and this is all the fruit to take away his sin; when he makes all the stones of the altar as chalkstones that are beaten in sunder, the groves and images shall not stand up.
Exodus 36:4	And all the wise men, that worked all the work of the sanctuary, came every man from his work which they made;
Jeremiah 10:23	O LORD, I know that the way of man is not in himself: it is not in man that walks to direct his steps.
Genesis 12:6	And Abram passed through the land to the place of Sichem, to the plain of Moreh. And the Canaanite was then in the land.
Matthew 27:4	Saying, I have sinned in that I have betrayed the innocent blood. And they said, What is that to us? see you to that.
Acts 20:7	And on the first day of the week, when the disciples came together to break bread, Paul preached to them, ready to depart on the morrow; and continued his speech until midnight.
Luke 12:38	And if he shall come in the second watch, or come in the third watch, and find them so, blessed are those servants.
Psalm 37:39	But the salvation of the righteous is of the LORD: he is their strength in the time of trouble.
Psalm 50:5	Gather my saints together to me; those that have made a covenant with me by sacrifice.
Leviticus 16:4	He shall put on the holy linen coat, and he shall have the linen breeches on his flesh, and shall be girded with a linen girdle, and with the linen turban shall he be attired: these are holy garments; therefore shall he wash his flesh in water, and so put them on.
1 Corinthians 7:32	But I would have you without carefulness. He that is unmarried cares for the things that belong to the Lord, how he may please the Lord:
John 10:14	I am the good shepherd, and know my sheep, and am known of mine.
Lamentations 3:65	Give them sorrow of heart, your curse to them.
1 Chronicles 27:20	Of the children of Ephraim, Hoshea the son of Azaziah: of the half tribe of Manasseh, Joel the son of Pedaiah:
Luke 3:32	Which was the son of Jesse, which was the son of Obed, which was the son of Booz, which was the son of Salmon, which was the son of Naasson,
Numbers 31:26	Take the sum of the prey that was taken, both of man and of beast, you, and Eleazar the priest, and the chief fathers of the congregation:
Ezra 8:35	Also the children of those that had been carried away, which were come out of the captivity, offered burnt offerings to the God of Israel, twelve bullocks for all Israel, ninety and six rams, seventy and seven lambs, twelve he goats for a sin offering: all this was a burnt offering to the LORD.
Deuteronomy 33:24	And of Asher he said, Let Asher be blessed with children; let him be acceptable to his brothers, and let him dip his foot in oil.
Psalm 147:2	The LORD does build up Jerusalem: he gathers together the outcasts of Israel.
1 Samuel 2:2	There is none holy as the LORD: for there is none beside you: neither is there any rock like our God.
Job 21:9	Their houses are safe from fear, neither is the rod of God on them.
Psalm 35:8	Let destruction come on him at unawares; and let his net that he has hid catch himself: into that very destruction let him fall.
Luke 13:31	The same day there came certain of the Pharisees, saying to him, Get you out, and depart hence: for Herod will kill you.
Revelation 12:10	And I heard a loud voice saying in heaven, Now is come salvation, and strength, and the kingdom of our God, and the power of his Christ: for the accuser of our brothers is cast down, which accused them before our God day and night.
John 6:23	(However, there came other boats from Tiberias near to the place where they did eat bread, after that the Lord had given thanks:)
Luke 1:21	And the people waited for Zacharias, and marveled that he tarried so long in the temple.
Psalm 68:17	The chariots of God are twenty thousand, even thousands of angels: the Lord is among them, as in Sinai, in the holy place.
John 1:23	He said, I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness, Make straight the way of the Lord, as said the prophet Esaias.
Matthew 6:1	Take heed that you do not your alms before men, to be seen of them: otherwise you have no reward of your Father which is in heaven.
Esther 7:6	And Esther said, The adversary and enemy is this wicked Haman. Then Haman was afraid before the king and the queen.
Proverbs 10:13	In the lips of him that has understanding wisdom is found: but a rod is for the back of him that is void of understanding.
1 Kings 4:11	The son of Abinadab, in all the region of Dor; which had Taphath the daughter of Solomon to wife:
Matthew 23:31	Why you be witnesses to yourselves, that you are the children of them which killed the prophets.
Luke 17:23	And they shall say to you, See here; or, see there: go not after them, nor follow them.
Matthew 13:6	And when the sun was up, they were scorched; and because they had no root, they withered away.
Matthew 13:47	Again, the kingdom of heaven is like to a net, that was cast into the sea, and gathered of every kind:
Job 30:12	On my right hand rise the youth; they push away my feet, and they raise up against me the ways of their destruction.
Acts 10:27	And as he talked with him, he went in, and found many that were come together.
Luke 4:4	And Jesus answered him, saying, It is written, That man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God.
Matthew 13:9	Who has ears to hear, let him hear.
Acts 23:31	Then the soldiers, as it was commanded them, took Paul, and brought him by night to Antipatris.
Psalm 8:1	O LORD, our Lord, how excellent is your name in all the earth! who have set your glory above the heavens.
Psalm 76:11	Vow, and pay to the LORD your God: let all that be round about him bring presents to him that ought to be feared.
Genesis 43:26	And when Joseph came home, they brought him the present which was in their hand into the house, and bowed themselves to him to the earth.
2 Kings 10:11	So Jehu slew all that remained of the house of Ahab in Jezreel, and all his great men, and his kinfolks, and his priests, until he left him none remaining.
2 Chronicles 7:17	And as for you, if you will walk before me, as David your father walked, and do according to all that I have commanded you, and shall observe my statutes and my judgments;
Jeremiah 50:46	At the noise of the taking of Babylon the earth is moved, and the cry is heard among the nations.
Deuteronomy 6:2	That you might fear the LORD your God, to keep all his statutes and his commandments, which I command you, you, and your son, and your son’s son, all the days of your life; and that your days may be prolonged.
Mark 1:34	And he healed many that were sick of divers diseases, and cast out many devils; and suffered not the devils to speak, because they knew him.
2 Chronicles 35:10	So the service was prepared, and the priests stood in their place, and the Levites in their courses, according to the king’s commandment.
John 8:48	Then answered the Jews, and said to him, Say we not well that you are a Samaritan, and have a devil?
Matthew 4:19	And he said to them, Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men.
1 Peter 4:19	Why let them that suffer according to the will of God commit the keeping of their souls to him in well doing, as to a faithful Creator.
John 10:33	The Jews answered him, saying, For a good work we stone you not; but for blasphemy; and because that you, being a man, make yourself God.
Nehemiah 11:24	And Pethahiah the son of Meshezabeel, of the children of Zerah the son of Judah, was at the king’s hand in all matters concerning the people.
Ecclesiastes 9:5	For the living know that they shall die: but the dead know not any thing, neither have they any more a reward; for the memory of them is forgotten.
2 Kings 21:2	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, after the abominations of the heathen, whom the LORD cast out before the children of Israel.
John 4:22	You worship you know not what: we know what we worship: for salvation is of the Jews.
Luke 11:38	And when the Pharisee saw it, he marveled that he had not first washed before dinner.
Proverbs 26:4	Answer not a fool according to his folly, lest you also be like to him.
Hosea 7:3	They make the king glad with their wickedness, and the princes with their lies.
Acts 10:46	For they heard them speak with tongues, and magnify God. Then answered Peter,
Ezra 2:59	And these were they which went up from Telmelah, Telharsa, Cherub, Addan, and Immer: but they could not show their father’s house, and their seed, whether they were of Israel:
Song of Solomon 8:14	Make haste, my beloved, and be you like to a roe or to a young hart on the mountains of spices.
James 1:6	But let him ask in faith, nothing wavering. For he that wavers is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed.
Job 20:20	Surely he shall not feel quietness in his belly, he shall not save of that which he desired.
Ecclesiastes 6:10	That which has been is named already, and it is known that it is man: neither may he contend with him that is mightier than he.
Hebrews 6:1	Therefore leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ, let us go on to perfection; not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works, and of faith toward God,
Leviticus 18:2	Speak to the children of Israel, and say to them, I am the LORD your God.
Revelation 20:1	And I saw an angel come down from heaven, having the key of the bottomless pit and a great chain in his hand.
Psalm 135:10	Who smote great nations, and slew mighty kings;
Luke 1:55	As he spoke to our fathers, to Abraham, and to his seed for ever.
Exodus 12:47	All the congregation of Israel shall keep it.
2 Samuel 18:10	And a certain man saw it, and told Joab, and said, Behold, I saw Absalom hanged in an oak.
Luke 9:10	And the apostles, when they were returned, told him all that they had done. And he took them, and went aside privately into a desert place belonging to the city called Bethsaida.
Acts 15:4	And when they were come to Jerusalem, they were received of the church, and of the apostles and elders, and they declared all things that God had done with them.
Luke 1:56	And Mary stayed with her about three months, and returned to her own house.
Judges 10:5	And Jair died, and was buried in Camon.
Jeremiah 13:8	Then the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
2 Kings 17:33	They feared the LORD, and served their own gods, after the manner of the nations whom they carried away from there.
Judges 18:28	And there was no deliverer, because it was far from Zidon, and they had no business with any man; and it was in the valley that lies by Bethrehob. And they built a city, and dwelled therein.
Psalm 103:15	As for man, his days are as grass: as a flower of the field, so he flourishes.
Romans 10:15	And how shall they preach, except they be sent? as it is written, How beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace, and bring glad tidings of good things!
2 Chronicles 18:9	And the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat king of Judah sat either of them on his throne, clothed in their robes, and they sat in a void place at the entering in of the gate of Samaria; and all the prophets prophesied before them.
Matthew 8:6	And saying, Lord, my servant lies at home sick of the palsy, grievously tormented.
Ephesians 5:30	For we are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones.
Ecclesiastes 7:9	Be not hasty in your spirit to be angry: for anger rests in the bosom of fools.
2 Samuel 9:11	Then said Ziba to the king, According to all that my lord the king has commanded his servant, so shall your servant do. As for Mephibosheth, said the king, he shall eat at my table, as one of the king’s sons.
Exodus 25:24	And you shall overlay it with pure gold, and make thereto a crown of gold round about.
2 Peter 1:12	Why I will not be negligent to put you always in remembrance of these things, though you know them, and be established in the present truth.
2 Samuel 23:2	The Spirit of the LORD spoke by me, and his word was in my tongue.
Jeremiah 15:14	And I will make you to pass with your enemies into a land which you know not: for a fire is kindled in my anger, which shall burn on you.
Jeremiah 42:19	The LORD has said concerning you, O you remnant of Judah; Go you not into Egypt: know certainly that I have admonished you this day.
Jeremiah 32:40	And I will make an everlasting covenant with them, that I will not turn away from them, to do them good; but I will put my fear in their hearts, that they shall not depart from me.
1 Samuel 22:18	And the king said to Doeg, Turn you, and fall on the priests. And Doeg the Edomite turned, and he fell on the priests, and slew on that day fourscore and five persons that did wear a linen ephod.
Deuteronomy 28:20	The LORD shall send on you cursing, vexation, and rebuke, in all that you set your hand to for to do, until you be destroyed, and until you perish quickly; because of the wickedness of your doings, whereby you have forsaken me.
Jeremiah 51:50	You that have escaped the sword, go away, stand not still: remember the LORD afar off, and let Jerusalem come into your mind.
Job 15:28	And he dwells in desolate cities, and in houses which no man inhabits, which are ready to become heaps.
Leviticus 13:4	If the bright spot be white in the skin of his flesh, and in sight be not deeper than the skin, and the hair thereof be not turned white; then the priest shall shut up him that has the plague seven days:
1 Kings 2:10	So David slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David.
Isaiah 2:7	Their land also is full of silver and gold, neither is there any end of their treasures; their land is also full of horses, neither is there any end of their chariots:
1 Corinthians 10:27	If any of them that believe not bid you to a feast, and you be disposed to go; whatever is set before you, eat, asking no question for conscience sake.
Genesis 22:18	And in your seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed; because you have obeyed my voice.
Proverbs 30:19	The way of an eagle in the air; the way of a serpent on a rock; the way of a ship in the middle of the sea; and the way of a man with a maid.
John 5:44	How can you believe, which receive honor one of another, and seek not the honor that comes from God only?
Luke 20:38	For he is not a God of the dead, but of the living: for all live to him.
Genesis 24:12	And he said O LORD God of my master Abraham, I pray you, send me good speed this day, and show kindness to my master Abraham.
Job 20:23	When he is about to fill his belly, God shall cast the fury of his wrath on him, and shall rain it on him while he is eating.
Acts 19:25	Whom he called together with the workmen of like occupation, and said, Sirs, you know that by this craft we have our wealth.
2 Chronicles 11:23	And he dealt wisely, and dispersed of all his children throughout all the countries of Judah and Benjamin, to every fenced city: and he gave them victual in abundance. And he desired many wives.
Psalm 147:18	He sends out his word, and melts them: he causes his wind to blow, and the waters flow.
Matthew 24:22	And except those days should be shortened, there should no flesh be saved: but for the elect’s sake those days shall be shortened.
Matthew 21:10	And when he was come into Jerusalem, all the city was moved, saying, Who is this?
John 1:34	And I saw, and bore record that this is the Son of God.
1 John 5:21	Little children, keep yourselves from idols. Amen.
Genesis 31:40	Thus I was; in the day the drought consumed me, and the frost by night; and my sleep departed from my eyes.
Numbers 9:5	And they kept the passover on the fourteenth day of the first month at even in the wilderness of Sinai: according to all that the LORD commanded Moses, so did the children of Israel.
Judges 3:29	And they slew of Moab at that time about ten thousand men, all lusty, and all men of valor; and there escaped not a man.
Exodus 40:11	And you shall anoint the laver and his foot, and sanctify it.
Mark 9:1	And he said to them, Truly I say to you, That there be some of them that stand here, which shall not taste of death, till they have seen the kingdom of God come with power.
1 Peter 2:11	Dearly beloved, I beseech you as strangers and pilgrims, abstain from fleshly lusts, which war against the soul;
Psalm 89:39	You have made void the covenant of your servant: you have profaned his crown by casting it to the ground.
Mark 16:11	And they, when they had heard that he was alive, and had been seen of her, believed not.
Nehemiah 2:6	And the king said to me, (the queen also sitting by him,) For how long shall your journey be? and when will you return? So it pleased the king to send me; and I set him a time.
2 Timothy 3:8	Now as Jannes and Jambres withstood Moses, so do these also resist the truth: men of corrupt minds, reprobate concerning the faith.
2 Chronicles 9:18	And there were six steps to the throne, with a footstool of gold, which were fastened to the throne, and stays on each side of the sitting place, and two lions standing by the stays:
Galatians 5:18	But if you be led of the Spirit, you are not under the law.
Genesis 1:13	And the evening and the morning were the third day.
1 Chronicles 16:24	Declare his glory among the heathen; his marvelous works among all nations.
Hebrews 7:20	And inasmuch as not without an oath he was made priest:
John 13:8	Peter said to him, You shall never wash my feet. Jesus answered him, If I wash you not, you have no part with me.
Leviticus 12:6	And when the days of her purifying are fulfilled, for a son, or for a daughter, she shall bring a lamb of the first year for a burnt offering, and a young pigeon, or a turtledove, for a sin offering, to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, to the priest:
1 Samuel 22:9	Then answered Doeg the Edomite, which was set over the servants of Saul, and said, I saw the son of Jesse coming to Nob, to Ahimelech the son of Ahitub.
Isaiah 22:14	And it was revealed in my ears by the LORD of hosts, Surely this iniquity shall not be purged from you till you die, said the Lord GOD of hosts.
Luke 10:4	Carry neither purse, nor money, nor shoes: and salute no man by the way.
1 Kings 20:32	So they girded sackcloth on their loins, and put ropes on their heads, and came to the king of Israel, and said, Your servant Benhadad said, I pray you, let me live. And he said, Is he yet alive? he is my brother.
2 Corinthians 10:4	(For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strong holds;)
Ecclesiastes 7:3	Sorrow is better than laughter: for by the sadness of the countenance the heart is made better.
Luke 18:9	And he spoke this parable to certain which trusted in themselves that they were righteous, and despised others:
Exodus 15:16	Fear and dread shall fall on them; by the greatness of your arm they shall be as still as a stone; till your people pass over, O LORD, till the people pass over, which you have purchased.
Genesis 21:24	And Abraham said, I will swear.
Genesis 11:7	Go to, let us go down, and there confound their language, that they may not understand one another’s speech.
Exodus 8:7	And the magicians did so with their enchantments, and brought up frogs on the land of Egypt.
1 Chronicles 29:22	And did eat and drink before the LORD on that day with great gladness. And they made Solomon the son of David king the second time, and anointed him to the LORD to be the chief governor, and Zadok to be priest.
2 Chronicles 12:14	And he did evil, because he prepared not his heart to seek the LORD.
Isaiah 27:10	Yet the defended city shall be desolate, and the habitation forsaken, and left like a wilderness: there shall the calf feed, and there shall he lie down, and consume the branches thereof.
Numbers 5:24	And he shall cause the woman to drink the bitter water that causes the curse: and the water that causes the curse shall enter into her, and become bitter.
1 Chronicles 13:14	And the ark of God remained with the family of Obededom in his house three months. And the LORD blessed the house of Obededom, and all that he had.
Genesis 42:18	And Joseph said to them the third day, This do, and live; for I fear God:
Numbers 5:14	And the spirit of jealousy come on him, and he be jealous of his wife, and she be defiled: or if the spirit of jealousy come on him, and he be jealous of his wife, and she be not defiled:
2 Kings 9:4	So the young man, even the young man the prophet, went to Ramothgilead.
Leviticus 16:34	And this shall be an everlasting statute to you, to make an atonement for the children of Israel for all their sins once a year. And he did as the LORD commanded Moses.
2 Chronicles 13:21	But Abijah waxed mighty, and married fourteen wives, and begat twenty and two sons, and sixteen daughters.
Isaiah 60:5	Then you shall see, and flow together, and your heart shall fear, and be enlarged; because the abundance of the sea shall be converted to you, the forces of the Gentiles shall come to you.
2 Kings 14:1	In the second year of Joash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel reigned Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah.
Isaiah 54:2	Enlarge the place of your tent, and let them stretch forth the curtains of your habitations: spare not, lengthen your cords, and strengthen your stakes;
2 Kings 1:15	And the angel of the LORD said to Elijah, Go down with him: be not afraid of him. And he arose, and went down with him to the king.
Numbers 22:40	And Balak offered oxen and sheep, and sent to Balaam, and to the princes that were with him.
2 Chronicles 1:7	In that night did God appear to Solomon, and said to him, Ask what I shall give you.
Ezekiel 38:23	Thus will I magnify myself, and sanctify myself; and I will be known in the eyes of many nations, and they shall know that I am the LORD.
Genesis 18:16	And the men rose up from there, and looked toward Sodom: and Abraham went with them to bring them on the way.
Isaiah 41:22	Let them bring them forth, and show us what shall happen: let them show the former things, what they be, that we may consider them, and know the latter end of them; or declare us things for to come.
Ecclesiastes 3:12	I know that there is no good in them, but for a man to rejoice, and to do good in his life.
1 Corinthians 3:6	I have planted, Apollos watered; but God gave the increase.
Leviticus 25:44	Both your slaves, and your bondmaids, which you shall have, shall be of the heathen that are round about you; of them shall you buy slaves and bondmaids.
Isaiah 34:16	Seek you out of the book of the LORD, and read: no one of these shall fail, none shall want her mate: for my mouth it has commanded, and his spirit it has gathered them.
Mark 13:33	Take you heed, watch and pray: for you know not when the time is.
Ezra 4:14	Now because we have maintenance from the king’s palace, and it was not meet for us to see the king’s dishonor, therefore have we sent and certified the king;
Ecclesiastes 9:15	Now there was found in it a poor wise man, and he by his wisdom delivered the city; yet no man remembered that same poor man.
Luke 20:17	And he beheld them, and said, What is this then that is written, The stone which the builders rejected, the same is become the head of the corner?
Mark 16:19	So then after the Lord had spoken to them, he was received up into heaven, and sat on the right hand of God.
1 Chronicles 25:19	The twelfth to Hashabiah, he, his sons, and his brothers, were twelve:
Nehemiah 11:27	And at Hazarshual, and at Beersheba, and in the villages thereof,
1 Samuel 13:16	And Saul, and Jonathan his son, and the people that were present with them, stayed in Gibeah of Benjamin: but the Philistines encamped in Michmash.
Job 18:17	His remembrance shall perish from the earth, and he shall have no name in the street.
1 Chronicles 6:3	And the children of Amram; Aaron, and Moses, and Miriam. The sons also of Aaron; Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.
1 Kings 1:12	Now therefore come, let me, I pray you, give you counsel, that you may save your own life, and the life of your son Solomon.
Isaiah 15:3	In their streets they shall gird themselves with sackcloth: on the tops of their houses, and in their streets, every one shall howl, weeping abundantly.
Genesis 17:5	Neither shall your name any more be called Abram, but your name shall be Abraham; for a father of many nations have I made you.
Matthew 27:42	He saved others; himself he cannot save. If he be the King of Israel, let him now come down from the cross, and we will believe him.
Ezekiel 12:5	Dig you through the wall in their sight, and carry out thereby.
Jeremiah 39:18	For I will surely deliver you, and you shall not fall by the sword, but your life shall be for a prey to you: because you have put your trust in me, said the LORD.
Numbers 27:6	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Revelation 4:5	And out of the throne proceeded lightning and thunder and voices: and there were seven lamps of fire burning before the throne, which are the seven Spirits of God.
Luke 6:35	But love you your enemies, and do good, and lend, hoping for nothing again; and your reward shall be great, and you shall be the children of the Highest: for he is kind to the unthankful and to the evil.
John 20:20	And when he had so said, he showed to them his hands and his side. Then were the disciples glad, when they saw the LORD.
Leviticus 20:25	You shall therefore put difference between clean beasts and unclean, and between unclean fowls and clean: and you shall not make your souls abominable by beast, or by fowl, or by any manner of living thing that creeps on the ground, which I have separated from you as unclean.
Leviticus 14:3	And the priest shall go forth out of the camp; and the priest shall look, and, behold, if the plague of leprosy be healed in the leper;
Judges 11:35	And it came to pass, when he saw her, that he rent his clothes, and said, Alas, my daughter! you have brought me very low, and you are one of them that trouble me: for I have opened my mouth to the LORD, and I cannot go back.
Deuteronomy 28:26	And your carcass shall be meat to all fowls of the air, and to the beasts of the earth, and no man shall fray them away.
Isaiah 34:2	For the indignation of the LORD is on all nations, and his fury on all their armies: he has utterly destroyed them, he has delivered them to the slaughter.
Mark 4:34	But without a parable spoke he not to them: and when they were alone, he expounded all things to his disciples.
1 Kings 12:15	Why the king listened not to the people; for the cause was from the LORD, that he might perform his saying, which the LORD spoke by Ahijah the Shilonite to Jeroboam the son of Nebat.
Acts 28:1	And when they were escaped, then they knew that the island was called Melita.
Colossians 2:16	Let no man therefore judge you in meat, or in drink, or in respect of an holy day, or of the new moon, or of the sabbath days:
Jeremiah 15:19	Therefore thus said the LORD, If you return, then will I bring you again, and you shall stand before me: and if you take forth the precious from the vile, you shall be as my mouth: let them return to you; but return not you to them.
2 Samuel 20:3	And David came to his house at Jerusalem; and the king took the ten women his concubines, whom he had left to keep the house, and put them in ward, and fed them, but went not in to them. So they were shut up to the day of their death, living in widowhood.
Judges 16:18	And when Delilah saw that he had told her all his heart, she sent and called for the lords of the Philistines, saying, Come up this once, for he has showed me all his heart. Then the lords of the Philistines came up to her, and brought money in their hand.
Exodus 34:3	And no man shall come up with you, neither let any man be seen throughout all the mount; neither let the flocks nor herds feed before that mount.
1 Kings 7:37	After this manner he made the ten bases: all of them had one casting, one measure, and one size.
2 Samuel 5:16	And Elishama, and Eliada, and Eliphalet.
2 Samuel 19:4	But the king covered his face, and the king cried with a loud voice, O my son Absalom, O Absalom, my son, my son!
Numbers 26:57	And these are they that were numbered of the Levites after their families: of Gershon, the family of the Gershonites: of Kohath, the family of the Kohathites: of Merari, the family of the Merarites.
Luke 2:46	And it came to pass, that after three days they found him in the temple, sitting in the middle of the doctors, both hearing them, and asking them questions.
Job 26:1	But Job answered and said,
Ezekiel 42:9	And from under these chambers was the entry on the east side, as one goes into them from the utter court.
1 Timothy 2:5	For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus;
Genesis 36:34	And Jobab died, and Husham of the land of Temani reigned in his stead.
Ezekiel 18:23	Have I any pleasure at all that the wicked should die? said the Lord GOD: and not that he should return from his ways, and live?
Psalm 33:9	For he spoke, and it was done; he commanded, and it stood fast.
Numbers 5:3	Both male and female shall you put out, without the camp shall you put them; that they defile not their camps, in the middle whereof I dwell.
1 Samuel 30:1	And it came to pass, when David and his men were come to Ziklag on the third day, that the Amalekites had invaded the south, and Ziklag, and smitten Ziklag, and burned it with fire;
Ecclesiastes 2:3	I sought in my heart to give myself to wine, yet acquainting my heart with wisdom; and to lay hold on folly, till I might see what was that good for the sons of men, which they should do under the heaven all the days of their life.
Daniel 3:22	Therefore because the king’s commandment was urgent, and the furnace exceeding hot, the flames of the fire slew those men that took up Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego.
1 Peter 1:21	Who by him do believe in God, that raised him up from the dead, and gave him glory; that your faith and hope might be in God.
2 Chronicles 19:4	And Jehoshaphat dwelled at Jerusalem: and he went out again through the people from Beersheba to mount Ephraim, and brought them back to the LORD God of their fathers.
Genesis 41:45	And Pharaoh called Joseph’s name Zaphnathpaaneah; and he gave him to wife Asenath the daughter of Potipherah priest of On. And Joseph went out over all the land of Egypt.
1 Timothy 6:16	Who only has immortality, dwelling in the light which no man can approach to; whom no man has seen, nor can see: to whom be honor and power everlasting. Amen.
Numbers 22:36	And when Balak heard that Balaam was come, he went out to meet him to a city of Moab, which is in the border of Arnon, which is in the utmost coast.
Luke 5:24	But that you may know that the Son of man has power on earth to forgive sins, (he said to the sick of the palsy,) I say to you, Arise, and take up your couch, and go into your house.
Psalm 119:133	Order my steps in your word: and let not any iniquity have dominion over me.
Exodus 14:12	Is not this the word that we did tell you in Egypt, saying, Let us alone, that we may serve the Egyptians? For it had been better for us to serve the Egyptians, than that we should die in the wilderness.
Joshua 19:17	And the fourth lot came out to Issachar, for the children of Issachar according to their families.
Luke 12:3	Therefore whatever you have spoken in darkness shall be heard in the light; and that which you have spoken in the ear in closets shall be proclaimed on the housetops.
2 Chronicles 19:2	And Jehu the son of Hanani the seer went out to meet him, and said to king Jehoshaphat, Should you help the ungodly, and love them that hate the LORD? therefore is wrath on you from before the LORD.
1 Chronicles 2:50	These were the sons of Caleb the son of Hur, the firstborn of Ephratah; Shobal the father of Kirjathjearim.
Psalm 105:32	He gave them hail for rain, and flaming fire in their land.
Deuteronomy 28:50	A nation of fierce countenance, which shall not regard the person of the old, nor show favor to the young:
Isaiah 37:30	And this shall be a sign to you, You shall eat this year such as grows of itself; and the second year that which springs of the same: and in the third year sow you, and reap, and plant vineyards, and eat the fruit thereof.
Ezekiel 2:6	And you, son of man, be not afraid of them, neither be afraid of their words, though briers and thorns be with you, and you do dwell among scorpions: be not afraid of their words, nor be dismayed at their looks, though they be a rebellious house.
Matthew 25:35	For I was an hungered, and you gave me meat: I was thirsty, and you gave me drink: I was a stranger, and you took me in:
Genesis 29:15	And Laban said to Jacob, Because you are my brother, should you therefore serve me for nothing? tell me, what shall your wages be?
Exodus 37:27	And he made two rings of gold for it under the crown thereof, by the two corners of it, on the two sides thereof, to be places for the staves to bear it with.
Matthew 11:21	Woe to you, Chorazin! woe to you, Bethsaida! for if the mighty works, which were done in you, had been done in Tyre and Sidon, they would have repented long ago in sackcloth and ashes.
Psalm 119:15	I will meditate in your precepts, and have respect to your ways.
Jonah 1:14	Why they cried to the LORD, and said, We beseech you, O LORD, we beseech you, let us not perish for this man’s life, and lay not on us innocent blood: for you, O LORD, have done as it pleased you.
John 10:36	Say you of him, whom the Father has sanctified, and sent into the world, You blaspheme; because I said, I am the Son of God?
Ruth 2:18	And she took it up, and went into the city: and her mother in law saw what she had gleaned: and she brought forth, and gave to her that she had reserved after she was sufficed.
Psalm 7:12	If he turn not, he will whet his sword; he has bent his bow, and made it ready.
Hosea 1:8	Now when she had weaned Loruhamah, she conceived, and bore a son.
Proverbs 28:7	Whoever keeps the law is a wise son: but he that is a companion of riotous men shames his father.
2 Kings 25:8	And in the fifth month, on the seventh day of the month, which is the nineteenth year of king Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, came Nebuzaradan, captain of the guard, a servant of the king of Babylon, to Jerusalem:
1 Corinthians 7:5	Defraud you not one the other, except it be with consent for a time, that you may give yourselves to fasting and prayer; and come together again, that Satan tempt you not for your incontinency.
Jeremiah 49:27	And I will kindle a fire in the wall of Damascus, and it shall consume the palaces of Benhadad.
Exodus 10:25	And Moses said, You must give us also sacrifices and burnt offerings, that we may sacrifice to the LORD our God.
2 Chronicles 28:13	And said to them, You shall not bring in the captives here: for whereas we have offended against the LORD already, you intend to add more to our sins and to our trespass: for our trespass is great, and there is fierce wrath against Israel.
Joel 3:6	The children also of Judah and the children of Jerusalem have you sold to the Grecians, that you might remove them far from their border.
Ephesians 5:6	Let no man deceive you with vain words: for because of these things comes the wrath of God on the children of disobedience.
Exodus 28:7	It shall have the two shoulder pieces thereof joined at the two edges thereof; and so it shall be joined together.
Luke 1:13	But the angel said to him, Fear not, Zacharias: for your prayer is heard; and your wife Elisabeth shall bear you a son, and you shall call his name John.
John 1:1	In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.
Exodus 33:12	And Moses said to the LORD, See, you say to me, Bring up this people: and you have not let me know whom you will send with me. Yet you have said, I know you by name, and you have also found grace in my sight.
Proverbs 16:24	Pleasant words are as an honeycomb, sweet to the soul, and health to the bones.
Leviticus 25:2	Speak to the children of Israel, and say to them, When you come into the land which I give you, then shall the land keep a sabbath to the LORD.
Numbers 7:70	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
1 Chronicles 17:14	But I will settle him in my house and in my kingdom for ever: and his throne shall be established for ever more.
Lamentations 3:66	Persecute and destroy them in anger from under the heavens of the LORD.
1 Samuel 4:6	And when the Philistines heard the noise of the shout, they said, What means the noise of this great shout in the camp of the Hebrews? And they understood that the ark of the LORD was come into the camp.
Numbers 34:8	From mount Hor you shall point out your border to the entrance of Hamath; and the goings forth of the border shall be to Zedad:
Ephesians 2:6	And has raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus:
2 Timothy 4:6	For I am now ready to be offered, and the time of my departure is at hand.
2 Chronicles 31:15	And next him were Eden, and Miniamin, and Jeshua, and Shemaiah, Amariah, and Shecaniah, in the cities of the priests, in their set office, to give to their brothers by courses, as well to the great as to the small:
Matthew 9:26	And the fame hereof went abroad into all that land.
Joshua 14:15	And the name of Hebron before was Kirjatharba; which Arba was a great man among the Anakims. And the land had rest from war.
1 Kings 1:44	And the king has sent with him Zadok the priest, and Nathan the prophet, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and the Cherethites, and the Pelethites, and they have caused him to ride on the king’s mule:
2 Chronicles 8:3	And Solomon went to Hamathzobah, and prevailed against it.
Zechariah 11:16	For, see, I will raise up a shepherd in the land, which shall not visit those that be cut off, neither shall seek the young one, nor heal that that is broken, nor feed that that stands still: but he shall eat the flesh of the fat, and tear their claws in pieces.
Nehemiah 7:6	These are the children of the province, that went up out of the captivity, of those that had been carried away, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away, and came again to Jerusalem and to Judah, every one to his city;
Zechariah 8:6	Thus said the LORD of hosts; If it be marvelous in the eyes of the remnant of this people in these days, should it also be marvelous in my eyes? said the LORD of hosts.
Mark 14:27	And Jesus said to them, All you shall be offended because of me this night: for it is written, I will smite the shepherd, and the sheep shall be scattered.
Ezekiel 3:11	And go, get you to them of the captivity, to the children of your people, and speak to them, and tell them, Thus said the Lord GOD; whether they will hear, or whether they will forbear.
Proverbs 16:13	Righteous lips are the delight of kings; and they love him that speaks right.
2 Samuel 24:13	So Gad came to David, and told him, and said to him, Shall seven years of famine come to you in your land? or will you flee three months before your enemies, while they pursue you? or that there be three days’ pestilence in your land? now advise, and see what answer I shall return to him that sent me.
Genesis 19:28	And he looked toward Sodom and Gomorrah, and toward all the land of the plain, and beheld, and, see, the smoke of the country went up as the smoke of a furnace.
2 Chronicles 23:17	Then all the people went to the house of Baal, and broke it down, and broke his altars and his images in pieces, and slew Mattan the priest of Baal before the altars.
Nehemiah 12:4	Iddo, Ginnetho, Abijah,
Ezekiel 16:4	And as for your nativity, in the day you were born your navel was not cut, neither were you washed in water to supple you; you were not salted at all, nor swaddled at all.
Jeremiah 3:20	Surely as a wife treacherously departs from her husband, so have you dealt treacherously with me, O house of Israel, said the LORD.
Acts 22:27	Then the chief captain came, and said to him, Tell me, are you a Roman? He said, Yes.
Leviticus 27:16	And if a man shall sanctify to the LORD some part of a field of his possession, then your estimation shall be according to the seed thereof: an homer of barley seed shall be valued at fifty shekels of silver.
1 Chronicles 9:29	Some of them also were appointed to oversee the vessels, and all the instruments of the sanctuary, and the fine flour, and the wine, and the oil, and the frankincense, and the spices.
2 Samuel 11:19	And charged the messenger, saying, When you have made an end of telling the matters of the war to the king,
Psalm 33:14	From the place of his habitation he looks on all the inhabitants of the earth.
Psalm 119:90	Your faithfulness is to all generations: you have established the earth, and it stays.
Exodus 28:38	And it shall be on Aaron’s forehead, that Aaron may bear the iniquity of the holy things, which the children of Israel shall hallow in all their holy gifts; and it shall be always on his forehead, that they may be accepted before the LORD.
Acts 14:2	But the unbelieving Jews stirred up the Gentiles, and made their minds evil affected against the brothers.
Jeremiah 31:39	And the measuring line shall yet go forth over against it on the hill Gareb, and shall compass about to Goath.
Nehemiah 7:7	Who came with Zerubbabel, Jeshua, Nehemiah, Azariah, Raamiah, Nahamani, Mordecai, Bilshan, Mispereth, Bigvai, Nehum, Baanah. The number, I say, of the men of the people of Israel was this;
Genesis 35:26	And the sons of Zilpah, Leah’s handmaid: Gad, and Asher: these are the sons of Jacob, which were born to him in Padanaram.
Ezekiel 44:19	And when they go forth into the utter court, even into the utter court to the people, they shall put off their garments wherein they ministered, and lay them in the holy chambers, and they shall put on other garments; and they shall not sanctify the people with their garments.
Ezekiel 31:3	Behold, the Assyrian was a cedar in Lebanon with fair branches, and with a shadowing shroud, and of an high stature; and his top was among the thick boughs.
Ephesians 4:24	And that you put on the new man, which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness.
Exodus 33:21	And the LORD said, Behold, there is a place by me, and you shall stand on a rock:
Psalm 78:57	But turned back, and dealt unfaithfully like their fathers: they were turned aside like a deceitful bow.
Psalm 106:24	Yes, they despised the pleasant land, they believed not his word:
Jonah 3:9	Who can tell if God will turn and repent, and turn away from his fierce anger, that we perish not?
Hosea 13:4	Yet I am the LORD your God from the land of Egypt, and you shall know no god but me: for there is no savior beside me.
Psalm 76:9	When God arose to judgment, to save all the meek of the earth. Selah.
Leviticus 8:20	And he cut the ram into pieces; and Moses burnt the head, and the pieces, and the fat.
Ezekiel 48:2	And by the border of Dan, from the east side to the west side, a portion for Asher.
Luke 23:20	Pilate therefore, willing to release Jesus, spoke again to them.
Lamentations 1:9	Her filthiness is in her skirts; she remembers not her last end; therefore she came down wonderfully: she had no comforter. O LORD, behold my affliction: for the enemy has magnified himself.
Mark 2:19	And Jesus said to them, Can the children of the bridal chamber fast, while the bridegroom is with them? as long as they have the bridegroom with them, they cannot fast.
Joshua 19:33	And their coast was from Heleph, from Allon to Zaanannim, and Adami, Nekeb, and Jabneel, to Lakum; and the outgoings thereof were at Jordan:
Colossians 4:10	Aristarchus my fellow prisoner salutes you, and Marcus, sister’s son to Barnabas, (touching whom you received commandments: if he come to you, receive him;)
1 Samuel 13:7	And some of the Hebrews went over Jordan to the land of Gad and Gilead. As for Saul, he was yet in Gilgal, and all the people followed him trembling.
Joshua 11:5	And when all these kings were met together, they came and pitched together at the waters of Merom, to fight against Israel.
2 Chronicles 9:20	And all the drinking vessels of king Solomon were of gold, and all the vessels of the house of the forest of Lebanon were of pure gold: none were of silver; it was not any thing accounted of in the days of Solomon.
Psalm 89:9	You rule the raging of the sea: when the waves thereof arise, you still them.
Ezekiel 3:3	And he said to me, Son of man, cause your belly to eat, and fill your bowels with this roll that I give you. Then did I eat it; and it was in my mouth as honey for sweetness.
Matthew 12:40	For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale’s belly; so shall the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth.
2 Kings 7:4	If we say, We will enter into the city, then the famine is in the city, and we shall die there: and if we sit still here, we die also. Now therefore come, and let us fall to the host of the Syrians: if they save us alive, we shall live; and if they kill us, we shall but die.
2 Peter 3:18	But grow in grace, and in the knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. To him be glory both now and for ever. Amen.
Numbers 2:22	Then the tribe of Benjamin: and the captain of the sons of Benjamin shall be Abidan the son of Gideoni.
Deuteronomy 23:14	For the LORD your God walks in the middle of your camp, to deliver you, and to give up your enemies before you; therefore shall your camp be holy: that he see no unclean thing in you, and turn away from you.
Luke 10:23	And he turned him to his disciples, and said privately, Blessed are the eyes which see the things that you see:
Galatians 1:20	Now the things which I write to you, behold, before God, I lie not.
Psalm 91:8	Only with your eyes shall you behold and see the reward of the wicked.
Ezra 8:24	Then I separated twelve of the chief of the priests, Sherebiah, Hashabiah, and ten of their brothers with them,
1 Kings 11:32	(But he shall have one tribe for my servant David’s sake, and for Jerusalem’s sake, the city which I have chosen out of all the tribes of Israel:)
Genesis 24:54	And they did eat and drink, he and the men that were with him, and tarried all night; and they rose up in the morning, and he said, Send me away to my master.
Genesis 49:23	The archers have sorely grieved him, and shot at him, and hated him:
Habakkuk 2:12	Woe to him that builds a town with blood, and establishes a city by iniquity!
Leviticus 25:12	For it is the jubilee; it shall be holy to you: you shall eat the increase thereof out of the field.
Job 22:25	Yes, the Almighty shall be your defense, and you shall have plenty of silver.
Genesis 37:13	And Israel said to Joseph, Do not your brothers feed the flock in Shechem? come, and I will send you to them. And he said to him, Here am I.
Micah 1:15	Yet will I bring an heir to you, O inhabitant of Mareshah: he shall come to Adullam the glory of Israel.
Isaiah 48:11	For my own sake, even for my own sake, will I do it: for how should my name be polluted? and I will not give my glory to another.
Job 24:12	Men groan from out of the city, and the soul of the wounded cries out: yet God lays not folly to them.
John 8:33	They answered him, We be Abraham’s seed, and were never in bondage to any man: how say you, You shall be made free?
Luke 8:30	And Jesus asked him, saying, What is your name? And he said, Legion: because many devils were entered into him.
Psalm 132:6	See, we heard of it at Ephratah: we found it in the fields of the wood.
Leviticus 6:11	And he shall put off his garments, and put on other garments, and carry forth the ashes without the camp to a clean place.
Lamentations 2:19	Arise, cry out in the night: in the beginning of the watches pour out your heart like water before the face of the LORD: lift up your hands toward him for the life of your young children, that faint for hunger in the top of every street.
Ezekiel 33:10	Therefore, O you son of man, speak to the house of Israel; Thus you speak, saying, If our transgressions and our sins be on us, and we pine away in them, how should we then live?
Genesis 5:23	And all the days of Enoch were three hundred sixty and five years:
Matthew 21:14	And the blind and the lame came to him in the temple; and he healed them.
Luke 5:30	But their scribes and Pharisees murmured against his disciples, saying, Why do you eat and drink with publicans and sinners?
Matthew 17:20	And Jesus said to them, Because of your unbelief: for truly I say to you, If you have faith as a grain of mustard seed, you shall say to this mountain, Remove hence to yonder place; and it shall remove; and nothing shall be impossible to you.
Galatians 4:30	Nevertheless what said the scripture? Cast out the female slave and her son: for the son of the female slave shall not be heir with the son of the free woman.
Deuteronomy 9:12	And the LORD said to me, Arise, get you down quickly from hence; for your people which you have brought forth out of Egypt have corrupted themselves; they are quickly turned aside out of the way which I commanded them; they have made them a molten image.
Nehemiah 4:17	They which built on the wall, and they that bore burdens, with those that laded, every one with one of his hands worked in the work, and with the other hand held a weapon.
2 Kings 20:2	Then he turned his face to the wall, and prayed to the LORD, saying,
1 Samuel 15:4	And Saul gathered the people together, and numbered them in Telaim, two hundred thousand footmen, and ten thousand men of Judah.
Genesis 29:28	And Jacob did so, and fulfilled her week: and he gave him Rachel his daughter to wife also.
Daniel 11:26	Yes, they that feed of the portion of his meat shall destroy him, and his army shall overflow: and many shall fall down slain.
Ezekiel 18:9	Has walked in my statutes, and has kept my judgments, to deal truly; he is just, he shall surely live, said the Lord GOD.
Daniel 9:9	To the Lord our God belong mercies and forgivenesses, though we have rebelled against him;
1 Kings 7:40	And Hiram made the lavers, and the shovels, and the basins. So Hiram made an end of doing all the work that he made king Solomon for the house of the LORD:
Jeremiah 8:18	When I would comfort myself against sorrow, my heart is faint in me.
Leviticus 13:15	And the priest shall see the raw flesh, and pronounce him to be unclean: for the raw flesh is unclean: it is a leprosy.
Jeremiah 23:32	Behold, I am against them that prophesy false dreams, said the LORD, and do tell them, and cause my people to err by their lies, and by their lightness; yet I sent them not, nor commanded them: therefore they shall not profit this people at all, said the LORD.
Leviticus 19:8	Therefore every one that eats it shall bear his iniquity, because he has profaned the hallowed thing of the LORD: and that soul shall be cut off from among his people.
2 Kings 4:19	And he said to his father, My head, my head. And he said to a lad, Carry him to his mother.
Genesis 39:17	And she spoke to him according to these words, saying, The Hebrew servant, which you have brought to us, came in to me to mock me:
Psalm 86:3	Be merciful to me, O Lord: for I cry to you daily.
1 Chronicles 6:58	And Hilen with her suburbs, Debir with her suburbs,
2 Timothy 3:1	This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come.
1 Chronicles 26:5	Ammiel the sixth, Issachar the seventh, Peulthai the eighth: for God blessed him.
Jeremiah 46:2	Against Egypt, against the army of Pharaohnecho king of Egypt, which was by the river Euphrates in Carchemish, which Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon smote in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah.
Jonah 2:1	Then Jonah prayed to the LORD his God out of the fish’s belly,
2 Samuel 11:8	And David said to Uriah, Go down to your house, and wash your feet. And Uriah departed out of the king’s house, and there followed him a mess of meat from the king.
1 Corinthians 14:18	I thank my God, I speak with tongues more than you all:
Genesis 25:25	And the first came out red, all over like an hairy garment; and they called his name Esau.
1 Chronicles 18:12	Moreover Abishai the son of Zeruiah slew of the Edomites in the valley of salt eighteen thousand.
Numbers 23:7	And he took up his parable, and said, Balak the king of Moab has brought me from Aram, out of the mountains of the east, saying, Come, curse me Jacob, and come, defy Israel.
John 14:3	And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you to myself; that where I am, there you may be also.
Revelation 13:1	And I stood on the sand of the sea, and saw a beast rise up out of the sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and on his horns ten crowns, and on his heads the name of blasphemy.
Jeremiah 23:21	I have not sent these prophets, yet they ran: I have not spoken to them, yet they prophesied.
Luke 22:1	Now the feast of unleavened bread drew near, which is called the Passover.
Isaiah 65:25	The wolf and the lamb shall feed together, and the lion shall eat straw like the bullock: and dust shall be the serpent’s meat. They shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain, said the LORD.
Deuteronomy 13:17	And there shall stick nothing of the cursed thing to your hand: that the LORD may turn from the fierceness of his anger, and show you mercy, and have compassion on you, and multiply you, as he has sworn to your fathers;
1 Samuel 5:5	Therefore neither the priests of Dagon, nor any that come into Dagon’s house, tread on the threshold of Dagon in Ashdod to this day.
Isaiah 33:19	You shall not see a fierce people, a people of a deeper speech than you can perceive; of a stammering tongue, that you can not understand.
Ezekiel 23:37	That they have committed adultery, and blood is in their hands, and with their idols have they committed adultery, and have also caused their sons, whom they bore to me, to pass for them through the fire, to devour them.
James 3:6	And the tongue is a fire, a world of iniquity: so is the tongue among our members, that it defiles the whole body, and sets on fire the course of nature; and it is set on fire of hell.
2 Samuel 10:14	And when the children of Ammon saw that the Syrians were fled, then fled they also before Abishai, and entered into the city. So Joab returned from the children of Ammon, and came to Jerusalem.
Hebrews 9:15	And for this cause he is the mediator of the new testament, that by means of death, for the redemption of the transgressions that were under the first testament, they which are called might receive the promise of eternal inheritance.
Deuteronomy 11:28	And a curse, if you will not obey the commandments of the LORD your God, but turn aside out of the way which I command you this day, to go after other gods, which you have not known.
Proverbs 28:21	To have respect of persons is not good: for for a piece of bread that man will transgress.
Matthew 23:18	And, Whoever shall swear by the altar, it is nothing; but whoever swears by the gift that is on it, he is guilty.
Genesis 30:20	And Leah said, God has endued me with a good dowry; now will my husband dwell with me, because I have born him six sons: and she called his name Zebulun.
Judges 17:13	Then said Micah, Now know I that the LORD will do me good, seeing I have a Levite to my priest.
Mark 14:32	And they came to a place which was named Gethsemane: and he said to his disciples, Sit you here, while I shall pray.
Jeremiah 2:32	Can a maid forget her ornaments, or a bride her attire? yet my people have forgotten me days without number.
2 Samuel 11:12	And David said to Uriah, Tarry here to day also, and to morrow I will let you depart. So Uriah stayed in Jerusalem that day, and the morrow.
Genesis 37:32	And they sent the coat of many colors, and they brought it to their father; and said, This have we found: know now whether it be your son’s coat or no.
Psalm 106:2	Who can utter the mighty acts of the LORD? who can show forth all his praise?
1 Kings 1:16	And Bathsheba bowed, and did obeisance to the king. And the king said, What would you?
Exodus 39:2	And he made the ephod of gold, blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.
Esther 4:14	For if you altogether hold your peace at this time, then shall there enlargement and deliverance arise to the Jews from another place; but you and your father’s house shall be destroyed: and who knows whether you are come to the kingdom for such a time as this?
Numbers 11:18	And say you to the people, Sanctify yourselves against to morrow, and you shall eat flesh: for you have wept in the ears of the LORD, saying, Who shall give us flesh to eat? for it was well with us in Egypt: therefore the LORD will give you flesh, and you shall eat.
John 14:10	Believe you not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak to you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwells in me, he does the works.
Ezekiel 36:19	And I scattered them among the heathen, and they were dispersed through the countries: according to their way and according to their doings I judged them.
Exodus 40:3	And you shall put therein the ark of the testimony, and cover the ark with the veil.
1 Chronicles 8:30	And his firstborn son Abdon, and Zur, and Kish, and Baal, and Nadab,
Numbers 14:19	Pardon, I beseech you, the iniquity of this people according to the greatness of your mercy, and as you have forgiven this people, from Egypt even until now.
Proverbs 11:15	He that is surety for a stranger shall smart for it: and he that hates indebtedness is sure.
Joel 1:6	For a nation is come up on my land, strong, and without number, whose teeth are the teeth of a lion, and he has the cheek teeth of a great lion.
1 Samuel 23:7	And it was told Saul that David was come to Keilah. And Saul said, God has delivered him into my hand; for he is shut in, by entering into a town that has gates and bars.
Exodus 29:35	And thus shall you do to Aaron, and to his sons, according to all things which I have commanded you: seven days shall you consecrate them.
Mark 15:33	And when the sixth hour was come, there was darkness over the whole land until the ninth hour.
John 18:11	Then said Jesus to Peter, Put up your sword into the sheath: the cup which my Father has given me, shall I not drink it?
Leviticus 4:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Exodus 14:29	But the children of Israel walked on dry land in the middle of the sea; and the waters were a wall to them on their right hand, and on their left.
Psalm 78:51	And smote all the firstborn in Egypt; the chief of their strength in the tabernacles of Ham:
1 Kings 13:14	And went after the man of God, and found him sitting under an oak: and he said to him, Are you the man of God that came from Judah? And he said, I am.
2 Chronicles 31:7	In the third month they began to lay the foundation of the heaps, and finished them in the seventh month.
2 Chronicles 35:3	And said to the Levites that taught all Israel, which were holy to the LORD, Put the holy ark in the house which Solomon the son of David king of Israel did build; it shall not be a burden on your shoulders: serve now the LORD your God, and his people Israel,
Nehemiah 13:2	Because they met not the children of Israel with bread and with water, but hired Balaam against them, that he should curse them: however, our God turned the curse into a blessing.
John 2:18	Then answered the Jews and said to him, What sign show you to us, seeing that you do these things?
Luke 14:5	And answered them, saying, Which of you shall have an ass or an ox fallen into a pit, and will not straightway pull him out on the sabbath day?
Isaiah 33:4	And your spoil shall be gathered like the gathering of the caterpillar: as the running to and fro of locusts shall he run on them.
Jeremiah 6:9	Thus said the LORD of hosts, They shall thoroughly glean the remnant of Israel as a vine: turn back your hand as a grape gatherer into the baskets.
Matthew 13:54	And when he was come into his own country, he taught them in their synagogue, so that they were astonished, and said, From where has this man this wisdom, and these mighty works?
2 Samuel 19:16	And Shimei the son of Gera, a Benjamite, which was of Bahurim, hurried and came down with the men of Judah to meet king David.
Numbers 1:10	Of the children of Joseph: of Ephraim; Elishama the son of Ammihud: of Manasseh; Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur.
2 Corinthians 13:6	But I trust that you shall know that we are not reprobates.
Numbers 22:8	And he said to them, Lodge here this night, and I will bring you word again, as the LORD shall speak to me: and the princes of Moab stayed with Balaam.
Numbers 29:18	And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:
Genesis 41:57	And all countries came into Egypt to Joseph for to buy corn; because that the famine was so sore in all lands.
1 Chronicles 2:11	And Nahshon begat Salma, and Salma begat Boaz,
Exodus 22:4	If the theft be certainly found in his hand alive, whether it be ox, or ass, or sheep; he shall restore double.
Leviticus 25:39	And if your brother that dwells by you be waxen poor, and be sold to you; you shall not compel him to serve as a bondservant:
2 Corinthians 8:1	Moreover, brothers, we do you to wit of the grace of God bestowed on the churches of Macedonia;
Psalm 30:5	For his anger endures but a moment; in his favor is life: weeping may endure for a night, but joy comes in the morning.
Isaiah 26:14	They are dead, they shall not live; they are deceased, they shall not rise: therefore have you visited and destroyed them, and made all their memory to perish.
2 Corinthians 9:8	And God is able to make all grace abound toward you; that you, always having all sufficiency in all things, may abound to every good work:
Isaiah 47:14	Behold, they shall be as stubble; the fire shall burn them; they shall not deliver themselves from the power of the flame: there shall not be a coal to warm at, nor fire to sit before it.
Leviticus 22:25	Neither from a stranger’s hand shall you offer the bread of your God of any of these; because their corruption is in them, and blemishes be in them: they shall not be accepted for you.
Luke 19:18	And the second came, saying, Lord, your pound has gained five pounds.
Exodus 35:22	And they came, both men and women, as many as were willing hearted, and brought bracelets, and earrings, and rings, and tablets, all jewels of gold: and every man that offered offered an offering of gold to the LORD.
Mark 9:34	But they held their peace: for by the way they had disputed among themselves, who should be the greatest.
Psalm 75:3	The earth and all the inhabitants thereof are dissolved: I bear up the pillars of it. Selah.
1 Corinthians 15:33	Be not deceived: evil communications corrupt good manners.
John 18:36	Jesus answered, My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews: but now is my kingdom not from hence.
1 Kings 17:18	And she said to Elijah, What have I to do with you, O you man of God? are you come to me to call my sin to remembrance, and to slay my son?
Jeremiah 38:24	Then said Zedekiah to Jeremiah, Let no man know of these words, and you shall not die.
Exodus 20:8	Remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy.
Acts 15:21	For Moses of old time has in every city them that preach him, being read in the synagogues every sabbath day.
Isaiah 64:6	But we are all as an unclean thing, and all our righteousnesses are as filthy rags; and we all do fade as a leaf; and our iniquities, like the wind, have taken us away.
Genesis 45:25	And they went up out of Egypt, and came into the land of Canaan to Jacob their father,
2 Samuel 17:7	And Hushai said to Absalom, The counsel that Ahithophel has given is not good at this time.
Isaiah 1:5	Why should you be stricken any more? you will revolt more and more: the whole head is sick, and the whole heart faint.
Deuteronomy 11:13	And it shall come to pass, if you shall listen diligently to my commandments which I command you this day, to love the LORD your God, and to serve him with all your heart and with all your soul,
Isaiah 1:20	But if you refuse and rebel, you shall be devoured with the sword: for the mouth of the LORD has spoken it.
Numbers 6:21	This is the law of the Nazarite who has vowed, and of his offering to the LORD for his separation, beside that that his hand shall get: according to the vow which he vowed, so he must do after the law of his separation.
Isaiah 9:6	For to us a child is born, to us a son is given: and the government shall be on his shoulder: and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counselor, The mighty God, The everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace.
Deuteronomy 22:7	But you shall in any wise let the dam go, and take the young to you; that it may be well with you, and that you may prolong your days.
2 Samuel 6:22	And I will yet be more vile than thus, and will be base in my own sight: and of the maidservants which you have spoken of, of them shall I be had in honor.
Exodus 8:27	We will go three days’ journey into the wilderness, and sacrifice to the LORD our God, as he shall command us.
Luke 4:10	For it is written, He shall give his angels charge over you, to keep you:
Numbers 25:2	And they called the people to the sacrifices of their gods: and the people did eat, and bowed down to their gods.
2 Kings 18:2	Twenty and five years old was he when he began to reign; and he reigned twenty and nine years in Jerusalem. His mother’s name also was Abi, the daughter of Zachariah.
Nehemiah 12:34	Judah, and Benjamin, and Shemaiah, and Jeremiah,
1 Kings 18:45	And it came to pass in the mean while, that the heaven was black with clouds and wind, and there was a great rain. And Ahab rode, and went to Jezreel.
Psalm 119:137	Righteous are you, O LORD, and upright are your judgments.
Psalm 72:11	Yes, all kings shall fall down before him: all nations shall serve him.
Hebrews 9:12	Neither by the blood of goats and calves, but by his own blood he entered in once into the holy place, having obtained eternal redemption for us.
Ezra 6:9	And that which they have need of, both young bullocks, and rams, and lambs, for the burnt offerings of the God of heaven, wheat, salt, wine, and oil, according to the appointment of the priests which are at Jerusalem, let it be given them day by day without fail:
1 Chronicles 21:16	And David lifted up his eyes, and saw the angel of the LORD stand between the earth and the heaven, having a drawn sword in his hand stretched out over Jerusalem. Then David and the elders of Israel, who were clothed in sackcloth, fell on their faces.
1 Corinthians 6:18	Flee fornication. Every sin that a man does is without the body; but he that commits fornication sins against his own body.
Mark 1:24	Saying, Let us alone; what have we to do with you, you Jesus of Nazareth? are you come to destroy us? I know you who you are, the Holy One of God.
Philemon 1:14	But without your mind would I do nothing; that your benefit should not be as it were of necessity, but willingly.
Ezra 2:34	The children of Jericho, three hundred forty and five.
2 Chronicles 11:10	And Zorah, and Aijalon, and Hebron, which are in Judah and in Benjamin fenced cities.
1 Chronicles 3:17	And the sons of Jeconiah; Assir, Salathiel his son,
Galatians 5:9	A little leaven leavens the whole lump.
Numbers 26:11	Notwithstanding the children of Korah died not.
Ezekiel 23:35	Therefore thus said the Lord GOD; Because you have forgotten me, and cast me behind your back, therefore bear you also your lewdness and your prostitutions.
Matthew 1:15	And Eliud begat Eleazar; and Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob;
Deuteronomy 21:11	And see among the captives a beautiful woman, and have a desire to her, that you would have her to your wife;
Genesis 48:4	And said to me, Behold, I will make you fruitful, and multiply you, and I will make of you a multitude of people; and will give this land to your seed after you for an everlasting possession.
1 Samuel 15:30	Then he said, I have sinned: yet honor me now, I pray you, before the elders of my people, and before Israel, and turn again with me, that I may worship the LORD your God.
Leviticus 19:16	You shall not go up and down as a talebearer among your people: neither shall you stand against the blood of your neighbor; I am the LORD.
Deuteronomy 33:13	And of Joseph he said, Blessed of the LORD be his land, for the precious things of heaven, for the dew, and for the deep that coucheth beneath,
Isaiah 42:19	Who is blind, but my servant? or deaf, as my messenger that I sent? who is blind as he that is perfect, and blind as the LORD’s servant?
Psalm 9:5	You have rebuked the heathen, you have destroyed the wicked, you have put out their name for ever and ever.
Psalm 118:9	It is better to trust in the LORD than to put confidence in princes.
2 Corinthians 3:6	Who also has made us able ministers of the new testament; not of the letter, but of the spirit: for the letter kills, but the spirit gives life.
Psalm 32:6	For this shall every one that is godly pray to you in a time when you may be found: surely in the floods of great waters they shall not come near to him.
Lamentations 3:26	It is good that a man should both hope and quietly wait for the salvation of the LORD.
Numbers 11:4	And the mixed multitude that was among them fell a lusting: and the children of Israel also wept again, and said, Who shall give us flesh to eat?
James 4:15	For that you ought to say, If the Lord will, we shall live, and do this, or that.
Ezekiel 26:14	And I will make you like the top of a rock: you shall be a place to spread nets on; you shall be built no more: for I the LORD have spoken it, said the Lord GOD.
1 Chronicles 24:27	The sons of Merari by Jaaziah; Beno, and Shoham, and Zaccur, and Ibri.
Genesis 44:18	Then Judah came near to him, and said, Oh my lord, let your servant, I pray you, speak a word in my lord’s ears, and let not your anger burn against your servant: for you are even as Pharaoh.
Matthew 11:14	And if you will receive it, this is Elias, which was for to come.
Matthew 25:13	Watch therefore, for you know neither the day nor the hour wherein the Son of man comes.
Psalm 119:114	You are my hiding place and my shield: I hope in your word.
Mark 14:69	And a maid saw him again, and began to say to them that stood by, This is one of them.
Revelation 6:6	And I heard a voice in the middle of the four beasts say, A measure of wheat for a penny, and three measures of barley for a penny; and see you hurt not the oil and the wine.
Exodus 25:2	Speak to the children of Israel, that they bring me an offering: of every man that gives it willingly with his heart you shall take my offering.
Psalm 128:5	The LORD shall bless you out of Zion: and you shall see the good of Jerusalem all the days of your life.
Genesis 35:14	And Jacob set up a pillar in the place where he talked with him, even a pillar of stone: and he poured a drink offering thereon, and he poured oil thereon.
Luke 1:24	And after those days his wife Elisabeth conceived, and hid herself five months, saying,
Nehemiah 7:55	The children of Barkos, the children of Sisera, the children of Tamah,
Jeremiah 50:36	A sword is on the liars; and they shall dote: a sword is on her mighty men; and they shall be dismayed.
Jeremiah 36:14	Therefore all the princes sent Jehudi the son of Nethaniah, the son of Shelemiah, the son of Cushi, to Baruch, saying, Take in your hand the roll wherein you have read in the ears of the people, and come. So Baruch the son of Neriah took the roll in his hand, and came to them.
1 Thessalonians 4:2	For you know what commandments we gave you by the Lord Jesus.
Psalm 44:19	Though you have sore broken us in the place of dragons, and covered us with the shadow of death.
Romans 7:6	But now we are delivered from the law, that being dead wherein we were held; that we should serve in newness of spirit, and not in the oldness of the letter.
Acts 17:19	And they took him, and brought him to Areopagus, saying, May we know what this new doctrine, whereof you speak, is?
Psalm 60:9	Who will bring me into the strong city? who will lead me into Edom?
John 7:2	Now the Jew’s feast of tabernacles was at hand.
2 Kings 22:12	And the king commanded Hilkiah the priest, and Ahikam the son of Shaphan, and Achbor the son of Michaiah, and Shaphan the scribe, and Asahiah a servant of the king’s, saying,
Acts 16:11	Therefore loosing from Troas, we came with a straight course to Samothracia, and the next day to Neapolis;
Leviticus 7:27	Whatever soul it be that eats any manner of blood, even that soul shall be cut off from his people.
2 Kings 24:15	And he carried away Jehoiachin to Babylon, and the king’s mother, and the king’s wives, and his officers, and the mighty of the land, those carried he into captivity from Jerusalem to Babylon.
Leviticus 22:16	Or suffer them to bear the iniquity of trespass, when they eat their holy things: for I the LORD do sanctify them.
Psalm 14:6	You have shamed the counsel of the poor, because the LORD is his refuge.
Psalm 28:6	Blessed be the LORD, because he has heard the voice of my supplications.
Mark 5:13	And immediately Jesus gave them leave. And the unclean spirits went out, and entered into the swine: and the herd ran violently down a steep place into the sea, (they were about two thousand;) and were choked in the sea.
2 Samuel 23:28	Zalmon the Ahohite, Maharai the Netophathite,
Jeremiah 19:12	Thus will I do to this place, said the LORD, and to the inhabitants thereof, and even make this city as Tophet:
Esther 9:26	Why they called these days Purim after the name of Pur. Therefore for all the words of this letter, and of that which they had seen concerning this matter, and which had come to them,
Deuteronomy 9:10	And the LORD delivered to me two tables of stone written with the finger of God; and on them was written according to all the words, which the LORD spoke with you in the mount out of the middle of the fire in the day of the assembly.
Joshua 11:21	And at that time came Joshua, and cut off the Anakims from the mountains, from Hebron, from Debir, from Anab, and from all the mountains of Judah, and from all the mountains of Israel: Joshua destroyed them utterly with their cities.
Job 40:1	Moreover the LORD answered Job, and said,
Job 9:23	If the whip slay suddenly, he will laugh at the trial of the innocent.
Acts 17:13	But when the Jews of Thessalonica had knowledge that the word of God was preached of Paul at Berea, they came thither also, and stirred up the people.
John 7:36	What manner of saying is this that he said, You shall seek me, and shall not find me: and where I am, thither you cannot come?
Joshua 14:2	By lot was their inheritance, as the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses, for the nine tribes, and for the half tribe.
Psalm 50:7	Hear, O my people, and I will speak; O Israel, and I will testify against you: I am God, even your God.
Psalm 119:6	Then shall I not be ashamed, when I have respect to all your commandments.
Joshua 15:4	From there it passed toward Azmon, and went out to the river of Egypt; and the goings out of that coast were at the sea: this shall be your south coast.
Numbers 9:21	And so it was, when the cloud stayed from even to the morning, and that the cloud was taken up in the morning, then they journeyed: whether it was by day or by night that the cloud was taken up, they journeyed.
John 4:19	The woman said to him, Sir, I perceive that you are a prophet.
Judges 6:34	But the Spirit of the LORD came on Gideon, and he blew a trumpet; and Abiezer was gathered after him.
Acts 28:7	In the same quarters were possessions of the chief man of the island, whose name was Publius; who received us, and lodged us three days courteously.
Ezra 10:30	And of the sons of Pahathmoab; Adna, and Chelal, Benaiah, Maaseiah, Mattaniah, Bezaleel, and Binnui, and Manasseh.
2 Samuel 6:18	And as soon as David had made an end of offering burnt offerings and peace offerings, he blessed the people in the name of the LORD of hosts.
Numbers 13:5	Of the tribe of Simeon, Shaphat the son of Hori.
1 Kings 11:4	For it came to pass, when Solomon was old, that his wives turned away his heart after other gods: and his heart was not perfect with the LORD his God, as was the heart of David his father.
1 Corinthians 7:36	But if any man think that he behaves himself uncomely toward his virgin, if she pass the flower of her age, and need so require, let him do what he will, he sins not: let them marry.
1 Samuel 6:21	And they sent messengers to the inhabitants of Kirjathjearim, saying, The Philistines have brought again the ark of the LORD; come you down, and fetch it up to you.
Luke 1:49	For he that is mighty has done to me great things; and holy is his name.
Isaiah 26:11	LORD, when your hand is lifted up, they will not see: but they shall see, and be ashamed for their envy at the people; yes, the fire of your enemies shall devour them.
Hebrews 3:4	For every house is built by some man; but he that built all things is God.
Isaiah 6:10	Make the heart of this people fat, and make their ears heavy, and shut their eyes; lest they see with their eyes, and hear with their ears, and understand with their heart, and convert, and be healed.
Numbers 3:31	And their charge shall be the ark, and the table, and the candlestick, and the altars, and the vessels of the sanctuary with which they minister, and the hanging, and all the service thereof.
Deuteronomy 14:3	You shall not eat any abominable thing.
Zephaniah 3:14	Sing, O daughter of Zion; shout, O Israel; be glad and rejoice with all the heart, O daughter of Jerusalem.
John 1:40	One of the two which heard John speak, and followed him, was Andrew, Simon Peter’s brother.
Deuteronomy 28:68	And the LORD shall bring you into Egypt again with ships, by the way whereof I spoke to you, You shall see it no more again: and there you shall be sold to your enemies for slaves and bondwomen, and no man shall buy you.
Philemon 1:4	I thank my God, making mention of you always in my prayers,
Joshua 4:23	For the LORD your God dried up the waters of Jordan from before you, until you were passed over, as the LORD your God did to the Red sea, which he dried up from before us, until we were gone over:
Jeremiah 17:16	As for me, I have not hastened from being a pastor to follow you: neither have I desired the woeful day; you know: that which came out of my lips was right before you.
Exodus 32:24	And I said to them, Whoever has any gold, let them break it off. So they gave it me: then I cast it into the fire, and there came out this calf.
Judges 1:19	And the LORD was with Judah; and he drove out the inhabitants of the mountain; but could not drive out the inhabitants of the valley, because they had chariots of iron.
Matthew 24:25	Behold, I have told you before.
Genesis 31:39	That which was torn of beasts I brought not to you; I bore the loss of it; of my hand did you require it, whether stolen by day, or stolen by night.
Joshua 15:27	And Hazargaddah, and Heshmon, and Bethpalet,
Matthew 16:8	Which when Jesus perceived, he said to them, O you of little faith, why reason you among yourselves, because you have brought no bread?
Nehemiah 6:17	Moreover in those days the nobles of Judah sent many letters to Tobiah, and the letters of Tobiah came to them.
Psalm 7:10	My defense is of God, which saves the upright in heart.
Job 19:8	He has fenced up my way that I cannot pass, and he has set darkness in my paths.
1 Corinthians 13:4	Charity suffers long, and is kind; charity envies not; charity braggs not itself, is not puffed up,
Luke 4:2	Being forty days tempted of the devil. And in those days he did eat nothing: and when they were ended, he afterward hungry.
Revelation 19:20	And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that worked miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and them that worshipped his image. These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone.
Luke 22:29	And I appoint to you a kingdom, as my Father has appointed to me;
Daniel 1:9	Now God had brought Daniel into favor and tender love with the prince of the eunuchs.
Lamentations 4:8	Their visage is blacker than a coal; they are not known in the streets: their skin sticks to their bones; it is withered, it is become like a stick.
Numbers 7:78	On the twelfth day Ahira the son of Enan, prince of the children of Naphtali, offered:
1 Chronicles 1:15	And the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite,
Ecclesiastes 7:19	Wisdom strengthens the wise more than ten mighty men which are in the city.
Numbers 26:3	And Moses and Eleazar the priest spoke with them in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho, saying,
2 Samuel 7:6	Whereas I have not dwelled in any house since the time that I brought up the children of Israel out of Egypt, even to this day, but have walked in a tent and in a tabernacle.
1 Chronicles 16:15	Be you mindful always of his covenant; the word which he commanded to a thousand generations;
1 Chronicles 7:34	And the sons of Shamer; Ahi, and Rohgah, Jehubbah, and Aram.
2 Samuel 15:33	To whom David said, If you pass on with me, then you shall be a burden to me:
Genesis 6:10	And Noah begat three sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
1 Peter 2:14	Or to governors, as to them that are sent by him for the punishment of evildoers, and for the praise of them that do well.
Ezra 10:39	And Shelemiah, and Nathan, and Adaiah,
1 Kings 8:19	Nevertheless you shall not build the house; but your son that shall come forth out of your loins, he shall build the house to my name.
Psalm 78:37	For their heart was not right with him, neither were they steadfast in his covenant.
Psalm 42:10	As with a sword in my bones, my enemies reproach me; while they say daily to me, Where is your God?
Lamentations 3:59	O LORD, you have seen my wrong: judge you my cause.
Leviticus 18:21	And you shall not let any of your seed pass through the fire to Molech, neither shall you profane the name of your God: I am the LORD.
Numbers 13:2	Send you men, that they may search the land of Canaan, which I give to the children of Israel: of every tribe of their fathers shall you send a man, every one a ruler among them.
Leviticus 23:28	And you shall do no work in that same day: for it is a day of atonement, to make an atonement for you before the LORD your God.
Isaiah 8:22	And they shall look to the earth; and behold trouble and darkness, dimness of anguish; and they shall be driven to darkness.
2 Samuel 16:1	And when David was a little past the top of the hill, behold, Ziba the servant of Mephibosheth met him, with a couple of asses saddled, and on them two hundred loaves of bread, and an hundred bunches of raisins, and an hundred of summer fruits, and a bottle of wine.
Jeremiah 6:13	For from the least of them even to the greatest of them every one is given to covetousness; and from the prophet even to the priest every one deals falsely.
1 Kings 13:4	And it came to pass, when king Jeroboam heard the saying of the man of God, which had cried against the altar in Bethel, that he put forth his hand from the altar, saying, Lay hold on him. And his hand, which he put forth against him, dried up, so that he could not pull it in again to him.
Job 17:13	If I wait, the grave is my house: I have made my bed in the darkness.
Proverbs 2:8	He keeps the paths of judgment, and preserves the way of his saints.
2 Kings 19:8	So Rabshakeh returned, and found the king of Assyria warring against Libnah: for he had heard that he was departed from Lachish.
Acts 19:11	And God worked special miracles by the hands of Paul:
1 Samuel 17:49	And David put his hand in his bag, and took there a stone, and slang it, and smote the Philistine in his forehead, that the stone sunk into his forehead; and he fell on his face to the earth.
Exodus 9:19	Send therefore now, and gather your cattle, and all that you have in the field; for on every man and beast which shall be found in the field, and shall not be brought home, the hail shall come down on them, and they shall die.
Ezekiel 33:20	Yet you say, The way of the Lord is not equal. O you house of Israel, I will judge you every one after his ways.
Deuteronomy 9:23	Likewise when the LORD sent you from Kadeshbarnea, saying, Go up and possess the land which I have given you; then you rebelled against the commandment of the LORD your God, and you believed him not, nor listened to his voice.
Leviticus 6:19	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
2 Kings 23:27	And the LORD said, I will remove Judah also out of my sight, as I have removed Israel, and will cast off this city Jerusalem which I have chosen, and the house of which I said, My name shall be there.
1 John 4:6	We are of God: he that knows God hears us; he that is not of God hears not us. Hereby know we the spirit of truth, and the spirit of error.
Acts 11:2	And when Peter was come up to Jerusalem, they that were of the circumcision contended with him,
1 Peter 3:1	Likewise, you wives, be in subjection to your own husbands; that, if any obey not the word, they also may without the word be won by the conversation of the wives;
Luke 9:7	Now Herod the tetrarch heard of all that was done by him: and he was perplexed, because that it was said of some, that John was risen from the dead;
Numbers 29:6	Beside the burnt offering of the month, and his meat offering, and the daily burnt offering, and his meat offering, and their drink offerings, according to their manner, for a sweet smell, a sacrifice made by fire to the LORD.
Isaiah 28:1	Woe to the crown of pride, to the drunkards of Ephraim, whose glorious beauty is a fading flower, which are on the head of the fat valleys of them that are overcome with wine!
Genesis 10:14	And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (out of whom came Philistim,) and Caphtorim.
Deuteronomy 2:17	That the LORD spoke to me, saying,
Luke 18:4	And he would not for a while: but afterward he said within himself, Though I fear not God, nor regard man;
Esther 3:11	And the king said to Haman, The silver is given to you, the people also, to do with them as it seems good to you.
Isaiah 32:17	And the work of righteousness shall be peace; and the effect of righteousness quietness and assurance for ever.
Zechariah 8:19	Thus said the LORD of hosts; The fast of the fourth month, and the fast of the fifth, and the fast of the seventh, and the fast of the tenth, shall be to the house of Judah joy and gladness, and cheerful feasts; therefore love the truth and peace.
John 4:52	Then inquired he of them the hour when he began to amend. And they said to him, Yesterday at the seventh hour the fever left him.
Isaiah 25:12	And the fortress of the high fort of your walls shall he bring down, lay low, and bring to the ground, even to the dust.
Hebrews 2:9	But we see Jesus, who was made a little lower than the angels for the suffering of death, crowned with glory and honor; that he by the grace of God should taste death for every man.
John 12:42	Nevertheless among the chief rulers also many believed on him; but because of the Pharisees they did not confess him, lest they should be put out of the synagogue:
Leviticus 11:23	But all other flying creeping things, which have four feet, shall be an abomination to you.
2 Kings 5:2	And the Syrians had gone out by companies, and had brought away captive out of the land of Israel a little maid; and she waited on Naaman’s wife.
Numbers 32:3	Ataroth, and Dibon, and Jazer, and Nimrah, and Heshbon, and Elealeh, and Shebam, and Nebo, and Beon,
1 Kings 2:8	And, behold, you have with you Shimei the son of Gera, a Benjamite of Bahurim, which cursed me with a grievous curse in the day when I went to Mahanaim: but he came down to meet me at Jordan, and I swore to him by the LORD, saying, I will not put you to death with the sword.
2 Chronicles 25:19	You say, See, you have smitten the Edomites; and your heart lifts you up to boast: abide now at home; why should you meddle to your hurt, that you should fall, even you, and Judah with you?
Luke 7:44	And he turned to the woman, and said to Simon, See you this woman? I entered into your house, you gave me no water for my feet: but she has washed my feet with tears, and wiped them with the hairs of her head.
Ezra 2:45	The children of Lebanah, the children of Hagabah, the children of Akkub,
Psalm 22:2	O my God, I cry in the day time, but you hear not; and in the night season, and am not silent.
Psalm 62:5	My soul, wait you only on God; for my expectation is from him.
Zechariah 9:4	Behold, the LORD will cast her out, and he will smite her power in the sea; and she shall be devoured with fire.
John 4:28	The woman then left her water pot, and went her way into the city, and said to the men,
Leviticus 16:2	And the LORD said to Moses, Speak to Aaron your brother, that he come not at all times into the holy place within the veil before the mercy seat, which is on the ark; that he die not: for I will appear in the cloud on the mercy seat.
1 Kings 7:14	He was a widow’s son of the tribe of Naphtali, and his father was a man of Tyre, a worker in brass: and he was filled with wisdom, and understanding, and cunning to work all works in brass. And he came to king Solomon, and worked all his work.
1 Samuel 6:7	Now therefore make a new cart, and take two milk cows, on which there has come no yoke, and tie the cows to the cart, and bring their calves home from them:
Romans 2:24	For the name of God is blasphemed among the Gentiles through you, as it is written.
2 Chronicles 2:6	But who is able to build him an house, seeing the heaven and heaven of heavens cannot contain him? who am I then, that I should build him an house, save only to burn sacrifice before him?
Numbers 28:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Jeremiah 9:12	Who is the wise man, that may understand this? and who is he to whom the mouth of the LORD has spoken, that he may declare it, for what the land perishes and is burned up like a wilderness, that none passes through?
Numbers 23:5	And the LORD put a word in Balaam’s mouth, and said, Return to Balak, and thus you shall speak.
Matthew 19:3	The Pharisees also came to him, tempting him, and saying to him, Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife for every cause?
2 Samuel 7:5	Go and tell my servant David, Thus said the LORD, Shall you build me an house for me to dwell in?
Ephesians 5:33	Nevertheless let every one of you in particular so love his wife even as himself; and the wife see that she reverence her husband.
John 12:38	That the saying of Esaias the prophet might be fulfilled, which he spoke, Lord, who has believed our report? and to whom has the arm of the Lord been revealed?
Matthew 24:8	All these are the beginning of sorrows.
Psalm 136:24	And has redeemed us from our enemies: for his mercy endures for ever.
2 Samuel 13:32	And Jonadab, the son of Shimeah David’s brother, answered and said, Let not my lord suppose that they have slain all the young men the king’s sons; for Amnon only is dead: for by the appointment of Absalom this has been determined from the day that he forced his sister Tamar.
Hebrews 2:18	For in that he himself has suffered being tempted, he is able to succor them that are tempted.
Isaiah 51:9	Awake, awake, put on strength, O arm of the LORD; awake, as in the ancient days, in the generations of old. Are you not it that has cut Rahab, and wounded the dragon?
Hosea 5:12	Therefore will I be to Ephraim as a moth, and to the house of Judah as rottenness.
1 Chronicles 1:4	Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
Daniel 9:12	And he has confirmed his words, which he spoke against us, and against our judges that judged us, by bringing on us a great evil: for under the whole heaven has not been done as has been done on Jerusalem.
1 Kings 13:3	And he gave a sign the same day, saying, This is the sign which the LORD has spoken; Behold, the altar shall be rent, and the ashes that are on it shall be poured out.
Isaiah 2:10	Enter into the rock, and hide you in the dust, for fear of the LORD, and for the glory of his majesty.
1 Kings 4:2	And these were the princes which he had; Azariah the son of Zadok the priest,
2 Kings 25:20	And Nebuzaradan captain of the guard took these, and brought them to the king of Babylon to Riblah:
Job 41:22	In his neck remains strength, and sorrow is turned into joy before him.
John 6:3	And Jesus went up into a mountain, and there he sat with his disciples.
Job 36:22	Behold, God exalts by his power: who teaches like him?
Deuteronomy 1:26	Notwithstanding you would not go up, but rebelled against the commandment of the LORD your God:
1 Chronicles 19:6	And when the children of Ammon saw that they had made themselves odious to David, Hanun and the children of Ammon sent a thousand talents of silver to hire them chariots and horsemen out of Mesopotamia, and out of Syriamaachah, and out of Zobah.
Job 42:4	Hear, I beseech you, and I will speak: I will demand of you, and declare you to me.
Nahum 3:10	Yet was she carried away, she went into captivity: her young children also were dashed in pieces at the top of all the streets: and they cast lots for her honorable men, and all her great men were bound in chains.
Job 13:8	Will you accept his person? will you contend for God?
Job 6:1	But Job answered and said,
2 Chronicles 29:36	And Hezekiah rejoiced, and all the people, that God had prepared the people: for the thing was done suddenly.
1 Kings 8:57	The LORD our God be with us, as he was with our fathers: let him not leave us, nor forsake us:
Ezekiel 38:2	Son of man, set your face against Gog, the land of Magog, the chief prince of Meshech and Tubal, and prophesy against him,
Jeremiah 52:32	And spoke kindly to him, and set his throne above the throne of the kings that were with him in Babylon,
Daniel 4:30	The king spoke, and said, Is not this great Babylon, that I have built for the house of the kingdom by the might of my power, and for the honor of my majesty?
2 Chronicles 25:25	And Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah lived after the death of Joash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel fifteen years.
1 Kings 20:11	And the king of Israel answered and said, Tell him, Let not him that girds on his harness boast himself as he that puts it off.
Proverbs 12:21	There shall no evil happen to the just: but the wicked shall be filled with mischief.
Luke 20:7	And they answered, that they could not tell from where it was.
Psalm 43:5	Why are you cast down, O my soul? and why are you disquieted within me? hope in God: for I shall yet praise him, who is the health of my countenance, and my God.
Job 8:21	Till he fill your mouth with laughing, and your lips with rejoicing.
Numbers 14:9	Only rebel not you against the LORD, neither fear you the people of the land; for they are bread for us: their defense is departed from them, and the LORD is with us: fear them not.
1 Kings 15:27	And Baasha the son of Ahijah, of the house of Issachar, conspired against him; and Baasha smote him at Gibbethon, which belonged to the Philistines; for Nadab and all Israel laid siege to Gibbethon.
Acts 8:4	Therefore they that were scattered abroad went every where preaching the word.
James 2:14	What does it profit, my brothers, though a man say he has faith, and have not works? can faith save him?
Luke 5:15	But so much the more went there a fame abroad of him: and great multitudes came together to hear, and to be healed by him of their infirmities.
Genesis 28:9	Then went Esau to Ishmael, and took to the wives which he had Mahalath the daughter of Ishmael Abraham’s son, the sister of Nebajoth, to be his wife.
2 Chronicles 1:3	So Solomon, and all the congregation with him, went to the high place that was at Gibeon; for there was the tabernacle of the congregation of God, which Moses the servant of the LORD had made in the wilderness.
Ezekiel 38:6	Gomer, and all his bands; the house of Togarmah of the north quarters, and all his bands: and many people with you.
Isaiah 45:16	They shall be ashamed, and also confounded, all of them: they shall go to confusion together that are makers of idols.
Exodus 20:13	You shall not kill.
Genesis 36:19	These are the sons of Esau, who is Edom, and these are their dukes.
1 John 1:1	That which was from the beginning, which we have heard, which we have seen with our eyes, which we have looked on, and our hands have handled, of the Word of life;
Isaiah 29:15	Woe to them that seek deep to hide their counsel from the LORD, and their works are in the dark, and they say, Who sees us? and who knows us?
Amos 3:13	Hear you, and testify in the house of Jacob, said the Lord GOD, the God of hosts,
Job 31:21	If I have lifted up my hand against the fatherless, when I saw my help in the gate:
John 11:3	Therefore his sisters sent to him, saying, Lord, behold, he whom you love is sick.
1 Corinthians 8:13	Why, if meat make my brother to offend, I will eat no flesh while the world stands, lest I make my brother to offend.
Matthew 6:19	Lay not up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moth and rust does corrupt, and where thieves break through and steal:
Galatians 4:12	Brothers, I beseech you, be as I am; for I am as you are: you have not injured me at all.
Psalm 31:16	Make your face to shine on your servant: save me for your mercies’ sake.
Judges 1:22	And the house of Joseph, they also went up against Bethel: and the LORD was with them.
Titus 3:11	Knowing that he that is such is subverted, and sins, being condemned of himself.
Luke 22:9	And they said to him, Where will you that we prepare?
Ezekiel 45:6	And you shall appoint the possession of the city five thousand broad, and five and twenty thousand long, over against the oblation of the holy portion: it shall be for the whole house of Israel.
Luke 22:23	And they began to inquire among themselves, which of them it was that should do this thing.
2 Chronicles 29:17	Now they began on the first day of the first month to sanctify, and on the eighth day of the month came they to the porch of the LORD: so they sanctified the house of the LORD in eight days; and in the sixteenth day of the first month they made an end.
Genesis 10:27	And Hadoram, and Uzal, and Diklah,
Philemon 1:21	Having confidence in your obedience I wrote to you, knowing that you will also do more than I say.
Judges 7:8	So the people took victuals in their hand, and their trumpets: and he sent all the rest of Israel every man to his tent, and retained those three hundred men: and the host of Midian was beneath him in the valley.
Revelation 11:19	And the temple of God was opened in heaven, and there was seen in his temple the ark of his testament: and there were lightning, and voices, and thunder, and an earthquake, and great hail.
Jeremiah 27:18	But if they be prophets, and if the word of the LORD be with them, let them now make intercession to the LORD of hosts, that the vessels which are left in the house of the LORD, and in the house of the king of Judah, and at Jerusalem, go not to Babylon.
Esther 1:19	If it please the king, let there go a royal commandment from him, and let it be written among the laws of the Persians and the Medes, that it be not altered, That Vashti come no more before king Ahasuerus; and let the king give her royal estate to another that is better than she.
Luke 18:3	And there was a widow in that city; and she came to him, saying, Avenge me of my adversary.
Proverbs 16:22	Understanding is a wellspring of life to him that has it: but the instruction of fools is folly.
Numbers 31:42	And of the children of Israel’s half, which Moses divided from the men that warred,
Ezekiel 34:30	Thus shall they know that I the LORD their God am with them, and that they, even the house of Israel, are my people, said the Lord GOD.
Job 41:18	By his neesings a light does shine, and his eyes are like the eyelids of the morning.
2 Chronicles 34:5	And he burnt the bones of the priests on their altars, and cleansed Judah and Jerusalem.
Leviticus 16:20	And when he has made an end of reconciling the holy place, and the tabernacle of the congregation, and the altar, he shall bring the live goat:
Malachi 3:14	You have said, It is vain to serve God: and what profit is it that we have kept his ordinance, and that we have walked mournfully before the LORD of hosts?
Romans 11:3	Lord, they have killed your prophets, and dig down your altars; and I am left alone, and they seek my life.
Luke 14:14	And you shall be blessed; for they cannot recompense you: for you shall be recompensed at the resurrection of the just.
Deuteronomy 31:18	And I will surely hide my face in that day for all the evils which they shall have worked, in that they are turned to other gods.
Exodus 23:21	Beware of him, and obey his voice, provoke him not; for he will not pardon your transgressions: for my name is in him.
Matthew 25:45	Then shall he answer them, saying, Truly I say to you, Inasmuch as you did it not to one of the least of these, you did it not to me.
Leviticus 26:9	For I will have respect to you, and make you fruitful, and multiply you, and establish my covenant with you.
James 5:12	But above all things, my brothers, swear not, neither by heaven, neither by the earth, neither by any other oath: but let your yes be yes; and your no, no; lest you fall into condemnation.
Judges 20:8	And all the people arose as one man, saying, We will not any of us go to his tent, neither will we any of us turn into his house.
Psalm 147:7	Sing to the LORD with thanksgiving; sing praise on the harp to our God:
Numbers 7:30	On the fourth day Elizur the son of Shedeur, prince of the children of Reuben, did offer:
Proverbs 5:12	And say, How have I hated instruction, and my heart despised reproof;
Song of Solomon 2:1	I am the rose of Sharon, and the lily of the valleys.
Amos 7:8	And the LORD said to me, Amos, what see you? And I said, A plumb line. Then said the LORD, Behold, I will set a plumb line in the middle of my people Israel: I will not again pass by them any more:
Luke 12:21	So is he that lays up treasure for himself, and is not rich toward God.
Joel 2:22	Be not afraid, you beasts of the field: for the pastures of the wilderness do spring, for the tree bears her fruit, the fig tree and the vine do yield their strength.
Ezra 7:27	Blessed be the LORD God of our fathers, which has put such a thing as this in the king’s heart, to beautify the house of the LORD which is in Jerusalem:
Luke 5:37	And no man puts new wine into old bottles; else the new wine will burst the bottles, and be spilled, and the bottles shall perish.
Jeremiah 12:11	They have made it desolate, and being desolate it mourns to me; the whole land is made desolate, because no man lays it to heart.
Joel 2:15	Blow the trumpet in Zion, sanctify a fast, call a solemn assembly:
Numbers 20:4	And why have you brought up the congregation of the LORD into this wilderness, that we and our cattle should die there?
Psalm 18:49	Therefore will I give thanks to you, O LORD, among the heathen, and sing praises to your name.
Exodus 15:11	Who is like to you, O LORD, among the gods? who is like you, glorious in holiness, fearful in praises, doing wonders?
Ecclesiastes 8:12	Though a sinner do evil an hundred times, and his days be prolonged, yet surely I know that it shall be well with them that fear God, which fear before him:
Romans 11:1	I say then, Has God cast away his people? God forbid. For I also am an Israelite, of the seed of Abraham, of the tribe of Benjamin.
2 Chronicles 6:6	But I have chosen Jerusalem, that my name might be there; and have chosen David to be over my people Israel.
Genesis 8:8	Also he sent forth a dove from him, to see if the waters were abated from off the face of the ground;
Isaiah 43:24	You have bought me no sweet cane with money, neither have you filled me with the fat of your sacrifices: but you have made me to serve with your sins, you have wearied me with your iniquities.
Psalm 109:5	And they have rewarded me evil for good, and hatred for my love.
Psalm 106:14	But lusted exceedingly in the wilderness, and tempted God in the desert.
Mark 13:6	For many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and shall deceive many.
Genesis 33:7	And Leah also with her children came near, and bowed themselves: and after came Joseph near and Rachel, and they bowed themselves.
2 Corinthians 9:2	For I know the forwardness of your mind, for which I boast of you to them of Macedonia, that Achaia was ready a year ago; and your zeal has provoked very many.
Matthew 9:2	And, behold, they brought to him a man sick of the palsy, lying on a bed: and Jesus seeing their faith said to the sick of the palsy; Son, be of good cheer; your sins be forgiven you.
Exodus 33:19	And he said, I will make all my goodness pass before you, and I will proclaim the name of the LORD before you; and will be gracious to whom I will be gracious, and will show mercy on whom I will show mercy.
Acts 4:24	And when they heard that, they lifted up their voice to God with one accord, and said, Lord, you are God, which have made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and all that in them is:
1 Chronicles 3:8	And Elishama, and Eliada, and Eliphelet, nine.
Ezekiel 40:20	And the gate of the outward court that looked toward the north, he measured the length thereof, and the breadth thereof.
1 Peter 2:1	Why laying aside all malice, and all guile, and hypocrisies, and envies, all evil speakings,
Exodus 10:13	And Moses stretched forth his rod over the land of Egypt, and the LORD brought an east wind on the land all that day, and all that night; and when it was morning, the east wind brought the locusts.
Genesis 43:15	And the men took that present, and they took double money in their hand and Benjamin; and rose up, and went down to Egypt, and stood before Joseph.
Luke 8:33	Then went the devils out of the man, and entered into the swine: and the herd ran violently down a steep place into the lake, and were choked.
Numbers 33:4	For the Egyptians buried all their firstborn, which the LORD had smitten among them: on their gods also the LORD executed judgments.
1 Samuel 25:2	And there was a man in Maon, whose possessions were in Carmel; and the man was very great, and he had three thousand sheep, and a thousand goats: and he was shearing his sheep in Carmel.
2 Samuel 19:26	And he answered, My lord, O king, my servant deceived me: for your servant said, I will saddle me an ass, that I may ride thereon, and go to the king; because your servant is lame.
John 14:20	At that day you shall know that I am in my Father, and you in me, and I in you.
2 Chronicles 20:24	And when Judah came toward the watch tower in the wilderness, they looked to the multitude, and, behold, they were dead bodies fallen to the earth, and none escaped.
Judges 13:7	But he said to me, Behold, you shall conceive, and bear a son; and now drink no wine nor strong drink, neither eat any unclean thing: for the child shall be a Nazarite to God from the womb to the day of his death.
Psalm 22:12	Many bulls have compassed me: strong bulls of Bashan have beset me round.
Numbers 3:15	Number the children of Levi after the house of their fathers, by their families: every male from a month old and upward shall you number them.
Jeremiah 25:25	And all the kings of Zimri, and all the kings of Elam, and all the kings of the Medes,
John 13:21	When Jesus had thus said, he was troubled in spirit, and testified, and said, Truly, truly, I say to you, that one of you shall betray me.
Numbers 7:11	And the LORD said to Moses, They shall offer their offering, each prince on his day, for the dedicating of the altar.
Romans 13:12	The night is far spent, the day is at hand: let us therefore cast off the works of darkness, and let us put on the armor of light.
2 Kings 11:21	Seven years old was Jehoash when he began to reign.
Jeremiah 51:57	And I will make drunk her princes, and her wise men, her captains, and her rulers, and her mighty men: and they shall sleep a perpetual sleep, and not wake, said the King, whose name is the LORD of hosts.
Hosea 10:3	For now they shall say, We have no king, because we feared not the LORD; what then should a king do to us?
Psalm 115:13	He will bless them that fear the LORD, both small and great.
2 Corinthians 11:16	I say again, Let no man think me a fool; if otherwise, yet as a fool receive me, that I may boast myself a little.
Judges 15:17	And it came to pass, when he had made an end of speaking, that he cast away the jawbone out of his hand, and called that place Ramathlehi.
Romans 6:6	Knowing this, that our old man is crucified with him, that the body of sin might be destroyed, that from now on we should not serve sin.
Exodus 15:5	The depths have covered them: they sank into the bottom as a stone.
2 Kings 20:11	And Isaiah the prophet cried to the LORD: and he brought the shadow ten degrees backward, by which it had gone down in the dial of Ahaz.
Psalm 72:18	Blessed be the LORD God, the God of Israel, who only does wondrous things.
Song of Solomon 6:2	My beloved is gone down into his garden, to the beds of spices, to feed in the gardens, and to gather lilies.
Matthew 2:17	Then was fulfilled that which was spoken by Jeremy the prophet, saying,
Exodus 3:2	And the angel of the LORD appeared to him in a flame of fire out of the middle of a bush: and he looked, and, behold, the bush burned with fire, and the bush was not consumed.
Ezekiel 29:10	Behold, therefore I am against you, and against your rivers, and I will make the land of Egypt utterly waste and desolate, from the tower of Syene even to the border of Ethiopia.
Luke 12:34	For where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.
Mark 6:36	Send them away, that they may go into the country round about, and into the villages, and buy themselves bread: for they have nothing to eat.
Genesis 5:31	And all the days of Lamech were seven hundred seventy and seven years: and he died.
Numbers 13:6	Of the tribe of Judah, Caleb the son of Jephunneh.
Hebrews 6:14	Saying, Surely blessing I will bless you, and multiplying I will multiply you.
Matthew 24:33	So likewise you, when you shall see all these things, know that it is near, even at the doors.
2 Kings 2:20	And he said, Bring me a new cruse, and put salt therein. And they brought it to him.
1 Kings 8:26	And now, O God of Israel, let your word, I pray you, be verified, which you spoke to your servant David my father.
Job 38:31	Can you bind the sweet influences of Pleiades, or loose the bands of Orion?
Job 27:15	Those that remain of him shall be buried in death: and his widows shall not weep.
Isaiah 33:1	Woe to you that spoil, and you were not spoiled; and deal treacherously, and they dealt not treacherously with you! when you shall cease to spoil, you shall be spoiled; and when you shall make an end to deal treacherously, they shall deal treacherously with you.
Romans 8:10	And if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin; but the Spirit is life because of righteousness.
Jeremiah 31:35	Thus said the LORD, which gives the sun for a light by day, and the ordinances of the moon and of the stars for a light by night, which divides the sea when the waves thereof roar; The LORD of hosts is his name:
Lamentations 5:12	Princes are hanged up by their hand: the faces of elders were not honored.
Leviticus 14:54	This is the law for all manner of plague of leprosy, and scale,
Proverbs 7:15	Therefore came I forth to meet you, diligently to seek your face, and I have found you.
Hosea 2:23	And I will sow her to me in the earth; and I will have mercy on her that had not obtained mercy; and I will say to them which were not my people, You are my people; and they shall say, You are my God.
Judges 16:9	Now there were men lying in wait, abiding with her in the chamber. And she said to him, The Philistines be on you, Samson. And he broke the thongs, as a thread of wick is broken when it touches the fire. So his strength was not known.
1 Chronicles 4:18	And his wife Jehudijah bore Jered the father of Gedor, and Heber the father of Socho, and Jekuthiel the father of Zanoah. And these are the sons of Bithiah the daughter of Pharaoh, which Mered took.
Genesis 42:28	And he said to his brothers, My money is restored; and, see, it is even in my sack: and their heart failed them, and they were afraid, saying one to another, What is this that God has done to us?
Exodus 26:34	And you shall put the mercy seat on the ark of the testimony in the most holy place.
Romans 15:26	For it has pleased them of Macedonia and Achaia to make a certain contribution for the poor saints which are at Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 3:6	And it came to pass, while there was war between the house of Saul and the house of David, that Abner made himself strong for the house of Saul.
Leviticus 14:44	Then the priest shall come and look, and, behold, if the plague be spread in the house, it is a fretting leprosy in the house; it is unclean.
Luke 19:41	And when he was come near, he beheld the city, and wept over it,
Isaiah 55:2	Why do you spend money for that which is not bread? and your labor for that which satisfies not? listen diligently to me, and eat you that which is good, and let your soul delight itself in fatness.
Judges 21:11	And this is the thing that you shall do, You shall utterly destroy every male, and every woman that has lain by man.
Proverbs 15:29	The LORD is far from the wicked: but he hears the prayer of the righteous.
1 Chronicles 13:3	And let us bring again the ark of our God to us: for we inquired not at it in the days of Saul.
Jeremiah 16:1	The word of the LORD came also to me, saying,
Nehemiah 9:17	And refused to obey, neither were mindful of your wonders that you did among them; but hardened their necks, and in their rebellion appointed a captain to return to their bondage: but you are a God ready to pardon, gracious and merciful, slow to anger, and of great kindness, and forsook them not.
Jonah 2:10	And the LORD spoke to the fish, and it vomited out Jonah on the dry land.
Genesis 24:36	And Sarah my master’s wife bore a son to my master when she was old: and to him has he given all that he has.
Exodus 35:16	The altar of burnt offering, with his brazen grate, his staves, and all his vessels, the laver and his foot,
Ephesians 4:31	Let all bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and clamor, and evil speaking, be put away from you, with all malice:
2 Kings 8:11	And he settled his countenance steadfastly, until he was ashamed: and the man of God wept.
Daniel 5:7	The king cried aloud to bring in the astrologers, the Chaldeans, and the soothsayers. And the king spoke, and said to the wise men of Babylon, Whoever shall read this writing, and show me the interpretation thereof, shall be clothed with scarlet, and have a chain of gold about his neck, and shall be the third ruler in the kingdom.
2 Samuel 13:29	And the servants of Absalom did to Amnon as Absalom had commanded. Then all the king’s sons arose, and every man got him up on his mule, and fled.
John 14:5	Thomas said to him, Lord, we know not where you go; and how can we know the way?
Hebrews 10:27	But a certain fearful looking for of judgment and fiery indignation, which shall devour the adversaries.
Proverbs 13:20	He that walks with wise men shall be wise: but a companion of fools shall be destroyed.
Lamentations 5:14	The elders have ceased from the gate, the young men from their music.
Exodus 25:5	And rams’ skins dyed red, and badgers’ skins, and shittim wood,
Matthew 12:21	And in his name shall the Gentiles trust.
Numbers 31:3	And Moses spoke to the people, saying, Arm some of yourselves to the war, and let them go against the Midianites, and avenge the LORD of Midian.
Psalm 22:24	For he has not despised nor abhorred the affliction of the afflicted; neither has he hid his face from him; but when he cried to him, he heard.
Deuteronomy 21:16	Then it shall be, when he makes his sons to inherit that which he has, that he may not make the son of the beloved firstborn before the son of the hated, which is indeed the firstborn:
1 Chronicles 12:26	Of the children of Levi four thousand and six hundred.
Nahum 2:6	The gates of the rivers shall be opened, and the palace shall be dissolved.
1 Kings 10:16	And king Solomon made two hundred targets of beaten gold: six hundred shekels of gold went to one target.
Isaiah 32:14	Because the palaces shall be forsaken; the multitude of the city shall be left; the forts and towers shall be for dens for ever, a joy of wild asses, a pasture of flocks;
Matthew 27:38	Then were there two thieves crucified with him, one on the right hand, and another on the left.
2 Samuel 3:1	Now there was long war between the house of Saul and the house of David: but David waxed stronger and stronger, and the house of Saul waxed weaker and weaker.
Job 9:19	If I speak of strength, see, he is strong: and if of judgment, who shall set me a time to plead?
John 10:5	And a stranger will they not follow, but will flee from him: for they know not the voice of strangers.
Jonah 3:4	And Jonah began to enter into the city a day’s journey, and he cried, and said, Yet forty days, and Nineveh shall be overthrown.
Zechariah 1:17	Cry yet, saying, Thus said the LORD of hosts; My cities through prosperity shall yet be spread abroad; and the LORD shall yet comfort Zion, and shall yet choose Jerusalem.
Nehemiah 12:15	Of Harim, Adna; of Meraioth, Helkai;
Ezekiel 28:8	They shall bring you down to the pit, and you shall die the deaths of them that are slain in the middle of the seas.
1 Samuel 21:4	And the priest answered David, and said, There is no common bread under my hand, but there is hallowed bread; if the young men have kept themselves at least from women.
Numbers 33:33	And they went from Horhagidgad, and pitched in Jotbathah.
Jeremiah 27:22	They shall be carried to Babylon, and there shall they be until the day that I visit them, said the LORD; then will I bring them up, and restore them to this place.
Jeremiah 26:6	Then will I make this house like Shiloh, and will make this city a curse to all the nations of the earth.
Nehemiah 2:2	Why the king said to me, Why is your countenance sad, seeing you are not sick? this is nothing else but sorrow of heart. Then I was very sore afraid,
Luke 23:15	No, nor yet Herod: for I sent you to him; and, see, nothing worthy of death is done to him.
1 Samuel 22:21	And Abiathar showed David that Saul had slain the LORD’s priests.
1 Chronicles 14:5	And Ibhar, and Elishua, and Elpalet,
1 Samuel 27:10	And Achish said, Where have you made a road to day? And David said, Against the south of Judah, and against the south of the Jerahmeelites, and against the south of the Kenites.
Micah 7:5	Trust you not in a friend, put you not confidence in a guide: keep the doors of your mouth from her that lies in your bosom.
Genesis 12:3	And I will bless them that bless you, and curse him that curses you: and in you shall all families of the earth be blessed.
Song of Solomon 8:12	My vineyard, which is mine, is before me: you, O Solomon, must have a thousand, and those that keep the fruit thereof two hundred.
Mark 11:14	And Jesus answered and said to it, No man eat fruit of you hereafter for ever. And his disciples heard it.
Ezekiel 16:47	Yet have you not walked after their ways, nor done after their abominations: but, as if that were a very little thing, you were corrupted more than they in all your ways.
Deuteronomy 22:13	If any man take a wife, and go in to her, and hate her,
1 Samuel 21:13	And he changed his behavior before them, and feigned himself mad in their hands, and scrabbled on the doors of the gate, and let his spittle fall down on his beard.
Exodus 12:17	And you shall observe the feast of unleavened bread; for in this selfsame day have I brought your armies out of the land of Egypt: therefore shall you observe this day in your generations by an ordinance for ever.
Job 31:25	If I rejoice because my wealth was great, and because my hand had gotten much;
Psalm 81:10	I am the LORD your God, which brought you out of the land of Egypt: open your mouth wide, and I will fill it.
1 Corinthians 2:6	However, we speak wisdom among them that are perfect: yet not the wisdom of this world, nor of the princes of this world, that come to nothing:
Matthew 22:12	And he said to him, Friend, how came you in here not having a wedding garment? And he was speechless.
Ezekiel 45:25	In the seventh month, in the fifteenth day of the month, shall he do the like in the feast of the seven days, according to the sin offering, according to the burnt offering, and according to the meat offering, and according to the oil.
Hebrews 12:13	And make straight paths for your feet, lest that which is lame be turned out of the way; but let it rather be healed.
Ezekiel 39:13	Yes, all the people of the land shall bury them; and it shall be to them a renown the day that I shall be glorified, said the Lord GOD.
Matthew 3:8	Bring forth therefore fruits meet for repentance:
Leviticus 13:23	But if the bright spot stay in his place, and spread not, it is a burning boil; and the priest shall pronounce him clean.
Matthew 19:25	When his disciples heard it, they were exceedingly amazed, saying, Who then can be saved?
Luke 24:38	And he said to them, Why are you troubled? and why do thoughts arise in your hearts?
Exodus 29:19	And you shall take the other ram; and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands on the head of the ram.
2 Corinthians 10:1	Now I Paul myself beseech you by the meekness and gentleness of Christ, who in presence am base among you, but being absent am bold toward you:
Genesis 10:1	Now these are the generations of the sons of Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth: and to them were sons born after the flood.
Proverbs 14:15	The simple believes every word: but the prudent man looks well to his going.
Judges 3:20	And Ehud came to him; and he was sitting in a summer parlor, which he had for himself alone. And Ehud said, I have a message from God to you. And he arose out of his seat.
2 Kings 8:26	Two and twenty years old was Ahaziah when he began to reign; and he reigned one year in Jerusalem. And his mother’s name was Athaliah, the daughter of Omri king of Israel.
Mark 4:41	And they feared exceedingly, and said one to another, What manner of man is this, that even the wind and the sea obey him?
1 Chronicles 1:53	Duke Kenaz, duke Teman, duke Mibzar,
Exodus 3:19	And I am sure that the king of Egypt will not let you go, no, not by a mighty hand.
Job 16:11	God has delivered me to the ungodly, and turned me over into the hands of the wicked.
Deuteronomy 2:5	Meddle not with them; for I will not give you of their land, no, not so much as a foot breadth; because I have given mount Seir to Esau for a possession.
Isaiah 24:23	Then the moon shall be confounded, and the sun ashamed, when the LORD of hosts shall reign in mount Zion, and in Jerusalem, and before his ancients gloriously.
John 21:7	Therefore that disciple whom Jesus loved said to Peter, It is the Lord. Now when Simon Peter heard that it was the Lord, he girt his fisher’s coat to him, (for he was naked,) and did cast himself into the sea.
Song of Solomon 6:5	Turn away your eyes from me, for they have overcome me: your hair is as a flock of goats that appear from Gilead.
Psalm 116:9	I will walk before the LORD in the land of the living.
Psalm 56:1	Be merciful to me, O God: for man would swallow me up; he fighting daily oppresses me.
2 Chronicles 12:13	So king Rehoboam strengthened himself in Jerusalem, and reigned: for Rehoboam was one and forty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned seventeen years in Jerusalem, the city which the LORD had chosen out of all the tribes of Israel, to put his name there. And his mother’s name was Naamah an Ammonitess.
Esther 9:28	And that these days should be remembered and kept throughout every generation, every family, every province, and every city; and that these days of Purim should not fail from among the Jews, nor the memorial of them perish from their seed.
Isaiah 24:10	The city of confusion is broken down: every house is shut up, that no man may come in.
Numbers 23:1	And Balaam said to Balak, Build me here seven altars, and prepare me here seven oxen and seven rams.
Deuteronomy 31:6	Be strong and of a good courage, fear not, nor be afraid of them: for the LORD your God, he it is that does go with you; he will not fail you, nor forsake you.
Psalm 22:20	Deliver my soul from the sword; my darling from the power of the dog.
1 Corinthians 8:12	But when you sin so against the brothers, and wound their weak conscience, you sin against Christ.
2 Samuel 18:21	Then said Joab to Cushi, Go tell the king what you have seen. And Cushi bowed himself to Joab, and ran.
1 Kings 4:25	And Judah and Israel dwelled safely, every man under his vine and under his fig tree, from Dan even to Beersheba, all the days of Solomon.
Numbers 16:10	And he has brought you near to him, and all your brothers the sons of Levi with you: and seek you the priesthood also?
Deuteronomy 30:20	That you may love the LORD your God, and that you may obey his voice, and that you may hold to him: for he is your life, and the length of your days: that you may dwell in the land which the LORD swore to your fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, to give them.
Numbers 4:33	This is the service of the families of the sons of Merari, according to all their service, in the tabernacle of the congregation, under the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest.
Psalm 104:22	The sun rises, they gather themselves together, and lay them down in their dens.
Isaiah 29:3	And I will camp against you round about, and will lay siege against you with a mount, and I will raise forts against you.
Acts 2:33	Therefore being by the right hand of God exalted, and having received of the Father the promise of the Holy Ghost, he has shed forth this, which you now see and hear.
Isaiah 50:8	He is near that justifies me; who will contend with me? let us stand together: who is my adversary? let him come near to me.
2 Corinthians 9:13	Whiles by the experiment of this ministration they glorify God for your professed subjection to the gospel of Christ, and for your liberal distribution to them, and to all men;
Genesis 7:23	And every living substance was destroyed which was on the face of the ground, both man, and cattle, and the creeping things, and the fowl of the heaven; and they were destroyed from the earth: and Noah only remained alive, and they that were with him in the ark.
Romans 3:29	Is he the God of the Jews only? is he not also of the Gentiles? Yes, of the Gentiles also:
Exodus 39:13	And the fourth row, a beryl, an onyx, and a jasper: they were enclosed in ouches of gold in their settings.
Isaiah 28:11	For with stammering lips and another tongue will he speak to this people.
Numbers 32:29	And Moses said to them, If the children of Gad and the children of Reuben will pass with you over Jordan, every man armed to battle, before the LORD, and the land shall be subdued before you; then you shall give them the land of Gilead for a possession:
Psalm 110:3	Your people shall be willing in the day of your power, in the beauties of holiness from the womb of the morning: you have the dew of your youth.
Ezekiel 13:22	Because with lies you have made the heart of the righteous sad, whom I have not made sad; and strengthened the hands of the wicked, that he should not return from his wicked way, by promising him life:
Jeremiah 2:7	And I brought you into a plentiful country, to eat the fruit thereof and the goodness thereof; but when you entered, you defiled my land, and made my heritage an abomination.
Isaiah 60:1	Arise, shine; for your light is come, and the glory of the LORD is risen on you.
Matthew 27:49	The rest said, Let be, let us see whether Elias will come to save him.
Exodus 20:18	And all the people saw the thunder, and the lightning, and the noise of the trumpet, and the mountain smoking: and when the people saw it, they removed, and stood afar off.
Isaiah 3:13	The LORD stands up to plead, and stands to judge the people.
Psalm 105:15	Saying, Touch not my anointed, and do my prophets no harm.
Acts 25:21	But when Paul had appealed to be reserved to the hearing of Augustus, I commanded him to be kept till I might send him to Caesar.
John 6:50	This is the bread which comes down from heaven, that a man may eat thereof, and not die.
Romans 2:1	Therefore you are inexcusable, O man, whoever you are that judge: for wherein you judge another, you condemn yourself; for you that judge do the same things.
Psalm 109:21	But do you for me, O GOD the Lord, for your name’s sake: because your mercy is good, deliver you me.
Luke 8:14	And that which fell among thorns are they, which, when they have heard, go forth, and are choked with cares and riches and pleasures of this life, and bring no fruit to perfection.
Psalm 1:3	And he shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water, that brings forth his fruit in his season; his leaf also shall not wither; and whatever he does shall prosper.
Ezekiel 32:13	I will destroy also all the beasts thereof from beside the great waters; neither shall the foot of man trouble them any more, nor the hoofs of beasts trouble them.
John 5:35	He was a burning and a shining light: and you were willing for a season to rejoice in his light.
Psalm 96:4	For the LORD is great, and greatly to be praised: he is to be feared above all gods.
Luke 7:23	And blessed is he, whoever shall not be offended in me.
Ezekiel 46:11	And in the feasts and in the solemnities the meat offering shall be an ephah to a bullock, and an ephah to a ram, and to the lambs as he is able to give, and an hin of oil to an ephah.
1 Kings 4:4	And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over the host: and Zadok and Abiathar were the priests:
Psalm 106:4	Remember me, O LORD, with the favor that you bore to your people: O visit me with your salvation;
1 Corinthians 15:5	And that he was seen of Cephas, then of the twelve:
Job 42:6	Why I abhor myself, and repent in dust and ashes.
Job 9:7	Which commands the sun, and it rises not; and seals up the stars.
Genesis 24:5	And the servant said to him, Peradventure the woman will not be willing to follow me to this land: must I needs bring your son again to the land from from where you came?
John 13:23	Now there was leaning on Jesus’ bosom one of his disciples, whom Jesus loved.
John 9:10	Therefore said they to him, How were your eyes opened?
Jeremiah 43:9	Take great stones in your hand, and hide them in the clay in the brick kiln, which is at the entry of Pharaoh’s house in Tahpanhes, in the sight of the men of Judah;
Ezekiel 17:3	And say, Thus said the Lord GOD; A great eagle with great wings, long winged, full of feathers, which had divers colors, came to Lebanon, and took the highest branch of the cedar:
Proverbs 10:15	The rich man’s wealth is his strong city: the destruction of the poor is their poverty.
Ezekiel 41:17	To that above the door, even to the inner house, and without, and by all the wall round about within and without, by measure.
Ezra 4:1	Now when the adversaries of Judah and Benjamin heard that the children of the captivity built the temple to the LORD God of Israel;
Ezekiel 27:3	And say to Tyrus, O you that are situate at the entry of the sea, which are a merchant of the people for many isles, Thus said the Lord GOD; O Tyrus, you have said, I am of perfect beauty.
Matthew 11:27	All things are delivered to me of my Father: and no man knows the Son, but the Father; neither knows any man the Father, save the Son, and he to whomsoever the Son will reveal him.
1 Samuel 19:19	And it was told Saul, saying, Behold, David is at Naioth in Ramah.
Psalm 5:7	But as for me, I will come into your house in the multitude of your mercy: and in your fear will I worship toward your holy temple.
2 Samuel 23:15	And David longed, and said, Oh that one would give me drink of the water of the well of Bethlehem, which is by the gate!
2 Kings 18:36	But the people held their peace, and answered him not a word: for the king’s commandment was, saying, Answer him not.
Joshua 12:1	Now these are the kings of the land, which the children of Israel smote, and possessed their land on the other side Jordan toward the rising of the sun, from the river Arnon to mount Hermon, and all the plain on the east:
Luke 13:5	I tell you, No: but, except you repent, you shall all likewise perish.
2 Kings 15:14	For Menahem the son of Gadi went up from Tirzah, and came to Samaria, and smote Shallum the son of Jabesh in Samaria, and slew him, and reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 8:29	And king Joram went back to be healed in Jezreel of the wounds which the Syrians had given him at Ramah, when he fought against Hazael king of Syria. And Ahaziah the son of Jehoram king of Judah went down to see Joram the son of Ahab in Jezreel, because he was sick.
Job 15:21	A dreadful sound is in his ears: in prosperity the destroyer shall come on him.
Jeremiah 46:24	The daughter of Egypt shall be confounded; she shall be delivered into the hand of the people of the north.
Esther 2:3	And let the king appoint officers in all the provinces of his kingdom, that they may gather together all the fair young virgins to Shushan the palace, to the house of the women, to the custody of Hege the king’s chamberlain, keeper of the women; and let their things for purification be given them:
2 Samuel 2:3	And his men that were with him did David bring up, every man with his household: and they dwelled in the cities of Hebron.
Ezekiel 27:2	Now, you son of man, take up a lamentation for Tyrus;
1 Samuel 13:1	Saul reigned one year; and when he had reigned two years over Israel,
Genesis 42:4	But Benjamin, Joseph’s brother, Jacob sent not with his brothers; for he said, Lest peradventure mischief befall him.
Song of Solomon 4:3	Your lips are like a thread of scarlet, and your speech is comely: your temples are like a piece of a pomegranate within your locks.
John 16:31	Jesus answered them, Do you now believe?
Acts 8:8	And there was great joy in that city.
Ezekiel 48:7	And by the border of Reuben, from the east side to the west side, a portion for Judah.
Isaiah 62:9	But they that have gathered it shall eat it, and praise the LORD; and they that have brought it together shall drink it in the courts of my holiness.
2 Chronicles 24:17	Now after the death of Jehoiada came the princes of Judah, and made obeisance to the king. Then the king listened to them.
Genesis 29:9	And while he yet spoke with them, Rachel came with her father’s sheep; for she kept them.
Acts 4:21	So when they had further threatened them, they let them go, finding nothing how they might punish them, because of the people: for all men glorified God for that which was done.
Exodus 5:1	And afterward Moses and Aaron went in, and told Pharaoh, Thus said the LORD God of Israel, Let my people go, that they may hold a feast to me in the wilderness.
Joshua 21:1	Then came near the heads of the fathers of the Levites to Eleazar the priest, and to Joshua the son of Nun, and to the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel;
1 Samuel 20:3	And David swore moreover, and said, Your father certainly knows that I have found grace in your eyes; and he said, Let not Jonathan know this, lest he be grieved: but truly as the LORD lives, and as your soul lives, there is but a step between me and death.
Zephaniah 3:3	Her princes within her are roaring lions; her judges are evening wolves; they gnaw not the bones till the morrow.
Psalm 18:26	With the pure you will show yourself pure; and with the fraudulent you will show yourself devious.
1 Samuel 17:11	When Saul and all Israel heard those words of the Philistine, they were dismayed, and greatly afraid.
Mark 5:25	And a certain woman, which had an issue of blood twelve years,
Numbers 10:16	And over the host of the tribe of the children of Zebulun was Eliab the son of Helon.
2 Chronicles 18:34	And the battle increased that day: however, the king of Israel stayed himself up in his chariot against the Syrians until the even: and about the time of the sun going down he died.
Nehemiah 11:5	And Maaseiah the son of Baruch, the son of Colhozeh, the son of Hazaiah, the son of Adaiah, the son of Joiarib, the son of Zechariah, the son of Shiloni.
Galatians 4:6	And because you are sons, God has sent forth the Spirit of his Son into your hearts, crying, Abba, Father.
1 Kings 11:5	For Solomon went after Ashtoreth the goddess of the Zidonians, and after Milcom the abomination of the Ammonites.
Hebrews 9:13	For if the blood of bulls and of goats, and the ashes of an heifer sprinkling the unclean, sanctifies to the purifying of the flesh:
Psalm 127:2	It is vain for you to rise up early, to sit up late, to eat the bread of sorrows: for so he gives his beloved sleep.
1 Samuel 10:1	Then Samuel took a vial of oil, and poured it on his head, and kissed him, and said, Is it not because the LORD has anointed you to be captain over his inheritance?
Hebrews 11:25	Choosing rather to suffer affliction with the people of God, than to enjoy the pleasures of sin for a season;
Numbers 7:57	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:
2 Chronicles 2:11	Then Huram the king of Tyre answered in writing, which he sent to Solomon, Because the LORD has loved his people, he has made you king over them.
Daniel 11:20	Then shall stand up in his estate a raiser of taxes in the glory of the kingdom: but within few days he shall be destroyed, neither in anger, nor in battle.
Hebrews 1:4	Being made so much better than the angels, as he has by inheritance obtained a more excellent name than they.
1 Chronicles 29:30	With all his reign and his might, and the times that went over him, and over Israel, and over all the kingdoms of the countries.
Joshua 3:10	And Joshua said, Hereby you shall know that the living God is among you, and that he will without fail drive out from before you the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Hivites, and the Perizzites, and the Girgashites, and the Amorites, and the Jebusites.
Psalm 77:5	I have considered the days of old, the years of ancient times.
John 9:3	Jesus answered, Neither has this man sinned, nor his parents: but that the works of God should be made manifest in him.
Genesis 7:9	There went in two and two to Noah into the ark, the male and the female, as God had commanded Noah.
Numbers 7:7	Two wagons and four oxen he gave to the sons of Gershon, according to their service:
Hosea 8:3	Israel has cast off the thing that is good: the enemy shall pursue him.
Isaiah 49:25	But thus said the LORD, Even the captives of the mighty shall be taken away, and the prey of the terrible shall be delivered: for I will contend with him that contends with you, and I will save your children.
1 Kings 8:12	Then spoke Solomon, The LORD said that he would dwell in the thick darkness.
Daniel 10:9	Yet heard I the voice of his words: and when I heard the voice of his words, then was I in a deep sleep on my face, and my face toward the ground.
2 Samuel 7:17	According to all these words, and according to all this vision, so did Nathan speak to David.
Ezra 5:1	Then the prophets, Haggai the prophet, and Zechariah the son of Iddo, prophesied to the Jews that were in Judah and Jerusalem in the name of the God of Israel, even to them.
Romans 1:8	First, I thank my God through Jesus Christ for you all, that your faith is spoken of throughout the whole world.
Leviticus 8:7	And he put on him the coat, and girded him with the girdle, and clothed him with the robe, and put the ephod on him, and he girded him with the curious girdle of the ephod, and bound it to him therewith.
Exodus 15:2	The LORD is my strength and song, and he is become my salvation: he is my God, and I will prepare him an habitation; my father’s God, and I will exalt him.
Exodus 32:30	And it came to pass on the morrow, that Moses said to the people, You have sinned a great sin: and now I will go up to the LORD; peradventure I shall make an atonement for your sin.
Daniel 11:18	After this shall he turn his face to the isles, and shall take many: but a prince for his own behalf shall cause the reproach offered by him to cease; without his own reproach he shall cause it to turn on him.
Joshua 8:5	And I, and all the people that are with me, will approach to the city: and it shall come to pass, when they come out against us, as at the first, that we will flee before them,
Matthew 13:19	When any one hears the word of the kingdom, and understands it not, then comes the wicked one, and catches away that which was sown in his heart. This is he which received seed by the way side.
1 John 4:9	In this was manifested the love of God toward us, because that God sent his only begotten Son into the world, that we might live through him.
Proverbs 16:7	When a man’s ways please the LORD, he makes even his enemies to be at peace with him.
Galatians 2:13	And the other Jews dissembled likewise with him; so that Barnabas also was carried away with their dissimulation.
Genesis 28:3	And God Almighty bless you, and make you fruitful, and multiply you, that you may be a multitude of people;
Ezekiel 33:1	Again the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
1 Kings 2:31	And the king said to him, Do as he has said, and fall on him, and bury him; that you may take away the innocent blood, which Joab shed, from me, and from the house of my father.
Acts 7:40	Saying to Aaron, Make us gods to go before us: for as for this Moses, which brought us out of the land of Egypt, we know not what is become of him.
Ecclesiastes 11:6	In the morning sow your seed, and in the evening withhold not your hand: for you know not whether shall prosper, either this or that, or whether they both shall be alike good.
Genesis 36:4	And Adah bore to Esau Eliphaz; and Bashemath bore Reuel;
2 Kings 5:8	And it was so, when Elisha the man of God had heard that the king of Israel had rent his clothes, that he sent to the king, saying, Why have you rent your clothes? let him come now to me, and he shall know that there is a prophet in Israel.
John 18:39	But you have a custom, that I should release to you one at the passover: will you therefore that I release to you the King of the Jews?
Psalm 104:35	Let the sinners be consumed out of the earth, and let the wicked be no more. Bless you the LORD, O my soul. Praise you the LORD.
2 Chronicles 12:7	And when the LORD saw that they humbled themselves, the word of the LORD came to Shemaiah, saying, They have humbled themselves; therefore I will not destroy them, but I will grant them some deliverance; and my wrath shall not be poured out on Jerusalem by the hand of Shishak.
2 Chronicles 15:11	And they offered to the LORD the same time, of the spoil which they had brought, seven hundred oxen and seven thousand sheep.
Proverbs 17:14	The beginning of strife is as when one lets out water: therefore leave off contention, before it be meddled with.
Numbers 1:34	Of the children of Manasseh, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Ecclesiastes 4:4	Again, I considered all travail, and every right work, that for this a man is envied of his neighbor. This is also vanity and vexation of spirit.
Luke 1:70	As he spoke by the mouth of his holy prophets, which have been since the world began:
2 Samuel 15:17	And the king went forth, and all the people after him, and tarried in a place that was far off.
Mark 3:7	But Jesus withdrew himself with his disciples to the sea: and a great multitude from Galilee followed him, and from Judaea,
Genesis 44:25	And our father said, Go again, and buy us a little food.
John 8:16	And yet if I judge, my judgment is true: for I am not alone, but I and the Father that sent me.
Psalm 142:1	I cried to the LORD with my voice; with my voice to the LORD did I make my supplication.
Ezra 2:2	Which came with Zerubbabel: Jeshua, Nehemiah, Seraiah, Reelaiah, Mordecai, Bilshan, Mizpar, Bigvai, Rehum, Baanah. The number of the men of the people of Israel:
Leviticus 22:6	The soul which has touched any such shall be unclean until even, and shall not eat of the holy things, unless he wash his flesh with water.
2 Kings 1:12	And Elijah answered and said to them, If I be a man of God, let fire come down from heaven, and consume you and your fifty. And the fire of God came down from heaven, and consumed him and his fifty.
2 Samuel 21:6	Let seven men of his sons be delivered to us, and we will hang them up to the LORD in Gibeah of Saul, whom the LORD did choose. And the king said, I will give them.
Proverbs 20:4	The sluggard will not plow by reason of the cold; therefore shall he beg in harvest, and have nothing.
Numbers 18:14	Every thing devoted in Israel shall be yours.
Joshua 8:25	And so it was, that all that fell that day, both of men and women, were twelve thousand, even all the men of Ai.
Matthew 3:11	I indeed baptize you with water to repentance. but he that comes after me is mightier than I, whose shoes I am not worthy to bear. he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost, and with fire.
John 20:9	For as yet they knew not the scripture, that he must rise again from the dead.
Joshua 15:63	As for the Jebusites the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the children of Judah could not drive them out; but the Jebusites dwell with the children of Judah at Jerusalem to this day.
Psalm 104:23	Man goes forth to his work and to his labor until the evening.
Leviticus 23:34	Speak to the children of Israel, saying, The fifteenth day of this seventh month shall be the feast of tabernacles for seven days to the LORD.
2 Kings 21:23	And the servants of Amon conspired against him, and slew the king in his own house.
Luke 11:52	Woe to you, lawyers! for you have taken away the key of knowledge: you entered not in yourselves, and them that were entering in you hindered.
1 Kings 20:25	And number you an army, like the army that you have lost, horse for horse, and chariot for chariot: and we will fight against them in the plain, and surely we shall be stronger than they. And he listened to their voice, and did so.
Mark 8:9	And they that had eaten were about four thousand: and he sent them away.
2 Kings 12:15	Moreover they reckoned not with the men, into whose hand they delivered the money to be bestowed on workmen: for they dealt faithfully.
Luke 8:17	For nothing is secret, that shall not be made manifest; neither any thing hid, that shall not be known and come abroad.
Exodus 29:13	And you shall take all the fat that covers the inwards, and the lobe that is above the liver, and the two kidneys, and the fat that is on them, and burn them on the altar.
Ezekiel 11:18	And they shall come thither, and they shall take away all the detestable things thereof and all the abominations thereof from there.
John 16:32	Behold, the hour comes, yes, is now come, that you shall be scattered, every man to his own, and shall leave me alone: and yet I am not alone, because the Father is with me.
Titus 1:10	For there are many unruly and vain talkers and deceivers, specially they of the circumcision:
Mark 15:26	And the superscription of his accusation was written over, THE KING OF THE JEWS.
Luke 22:54	Then took they him, and led him, and brought him into the high priest’s house. And Peter followed afar off.
2 Kings 12:16	The trespass money and sin money was not brought into the house of the LORD: it was the priests’.
1 Kings 8:45	Then hear you in heaven their prayer and their supplication, and maintain their cause.
2 Kings 17:20	And the LORD rejected all the seed of Israel, and afflicted them, and delivered them into the hand of spoilers, until he had cast them out of his sight.
Hebrews 13:23	Know you that our brother Timothy is set at liberty; with whom, if he come shortly, I will see you.
1 Peter 2:25	For you were as sheep going astray; but are now returned to the Shepherd and Bishop of your souls.
Proverbs 31:16	She considers a field, and buys it: with the fruit of her hands she plants a vineyard.
Isaiah 24:6	Therefore has the curse devoured the earth, and they that dwell therein are desolate: therefore the inhabitants of the earth are burned, and few men left.
Genesis 42:34	And bring your youngest brother to me: then shall I know that you are no spies, but that you are true men: so will I deliver you your brother, and you shall traffic in the land.
2 Chronicles 20:18	And Jehoshaphat bowed his head with his face to the ground: and all Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem fell before the LORD, worshipping the LORD.
Hebrews 8:2	A minister of the sanctuary, and of the true tabernacle, which the Lord pitched, and not man.
Numbers 16:7	And put fire therein, and put incense in them before the LORD to morrow: and it shall be that the man whom the LORD does choose, he shall be holy: you take too much on you, you sons of Levi.
Joshua 15:24	Ziph, and Telem, and Bealoth,
Jonah 1:10	Then were the men exceedingly afraid, and said to him. Why have you done this? For the men knew that he fled from the presence of the LORD, because he had told them.
Isaiah 52:3	For thus said the LORD, You have sold yourselves for nothing; and you shall be redeemed without money.
Psalm 119:17	Deal bountifully with your servant, that I may live, and keep your word.
Ezekiel 30:11	He and his people with him, the terrible of the nations, shall be brought to destroy the land: and they shall draw their swords against Egypt, and fill the land with the slain.
Hosea 8:12	I have written to him the great things of my law, but they were counted as a strange thing.
Joel 3:1	For, behold, in those days, and in that time, when I shall bring again the captivity of Judah and Jerusalem,
Isaiah 58:11	And the LORD shall guide you continually, and satisfy your soul in drought, and make fat your bones: and you shall be like a watered garden, and like a spring of water, whose waters fail not.
Deuteronomy 12:22	Even as the roebuck and the hart is eaten, so you shall eat them: the unclean and the clean shall eat of them alike.
Ezekiel 19:12	But she was plucked up in fury, she was cast down to the ground, and the east wind dried up her fruit: her strong rods were broken and withered; the fire consumed them.
Matthew 5:36	Neither shall you swear by your head, because you can not make one hair white or black.
Ezekiel 47:4	Again he measured a thousand, and brought me through the waters; the waters were to the knees. Again he measured a thousand, and brought me through; the waters were to the loins.
Joshua 1:5	There shall not any man be able to stand before you all the days of your life: as I was with Moses, so I will be with you: I will not fail you, nor forsake you.
Genesis 22:13	And Abraham lifted up his eyes, and looked, and behold behind him a ram caught in a thicket by his horns: and Abraham went and took the ram, and offered him up for a burnt offering in the stead of his son.
John 1:30	This is he of whom I said, After me comes a man which is preferred before me: for he was before me.
Proverbs 5:11	And you mourn at the last, when your flesh and your body are consumed,
2 Kings 3:11	But Jehoshaphat said, Is there not here a prophet of the LORD, that we may inquire of the LORD by him? And one of the king of Israel’s servants answered and said, Here is Elisha the son of Shaphat, which poured water on the hands of Elijah.
Job 21:21	For what pleasure has he in his house after him, when the number of his months is cut off in the middle?
2 Thessalonians 3:5	And the Lord direct your hearts into the love of God, and into the patient waiting for Christ.
Hosea 7:2	And they consider not in their hearts that I remember all their wickedness: now their own doings have beset them about; they are before my face.
Psalm 118:12	They compassed me about like bees: they are quenched as the fire of thorns: for in the name of the LORD I will destroy them.
John 13:36	Simon Peter said to him, Lord, where go you? Jesus answered him, Where I go, you can not follow me now; but you shall follow me afterwards.
Acts 9:39	Then Peter arose and went with them. When he was come, they brought him into the upper chamber: and all the widows stood by him weeping, and showing the coats and garments which Dorcas made, while she was with them.
Jeremiah 41:2	Then arose Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and the ten men that were with him, and smote Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan with the sword, and slew him, whom the king of Babylon had made governor over the land.
2 Chronicles 4:20	Moreover the candlesticks with their lamps, that they should burn after the manner before the oracle, of pure gold;
2 Timothy 1:1	Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, according to the promise of life which is in Christ Jesus,
Joshua 9:21	And the princes said to them, Let them live; but let them be hewers of wood and drawers of water to all the congregation; as the princes had promised them.
1 Kings 18:21	And Elijah came to all the people, and said, How long halt you between two opinions? if the LORD be God, follow him: but if Baal, then follow him. And the people answered him not a word.
Jeremiah 11:11	Therefore thus said the LORD, Behold, I will bring evil on them, which they shall not be able to escape; and though they shall cry to me, I will not listen to them.
Acts 25:23	And on the morrow, when Agrippa was come, and Bernice, with great pomp, and was entered into the place of hearing, with the chief captains, and principal men of the city, at Festus’ commandment Paul was brought forth.
John 21:24	This is the disciple which testifies of these things, and wrote these things: and we know that his testimony is true.
1 Kings 9:5	Then I will establish the throne of your kingdom on Israel for ever, as I promised to David your father, saying, There shall not fail you a man on the throne of Israel.
2 Samuel 6:16	And as the ark of the LORD came into the city of David, Michal Saul’s daughter looked through a window, and saw king David leaping and dancing before the LORD; and she despised him in her heart.
Isaiah 37:18	Of a truth, LORD, the kings of Assyria have laid waste all the nations, and their countries,
Joshua 13:28	This is the inheritance of the children of Gad after their families, the cities, and their villages.
1 Corinthians 16:14	Let all your things be done with charity.
1 Kings 11:9	And the LORD was angry with Solomon, because his heart was turned from the LORD God of Israel, which had appeared to him twice,
Exodus 28:42	And you shall make them linen breeches to cover their nakedness; from the loins even to the thighs they shall reach:
2 Samuel 10:12	Be of good courage, and let us play the men for our people, and for the cities of our God: and the LORD do that which seems him good.
1 Chronicles 6:1	The sons of Levi; Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.
1 Samuel 25:1	And Samuel died; and all the Israelites were gathered together, and lamented him, and buried him in his house at Ramah. And David arose, and went down to the wilderness of Paran.
1 Samuel 2:9	He will keep the feet of his saints, and the wicked shall be silent in darkness; for by strength shall no man prevail.
Isaiah 28:25	When he has made plain the face thereof, does he not cast abroad the fitches, and scatter the cummin, and cast in the principal wheat and the appointed barley and the rye in their place?
Ezekiel 10:6	And it came to pass, that when he had commanded the man clothed with linen, saying, Take fire from between the wheels, from between the cherubim; then he went in, and stood beside the wheels.
Ezekiel 48:22	Moreover from the possession of the Levites, and from the possession of the city, being in the middle of that which is the prince’s, between the border of Judah and the border of Benjamin, shall be for the prince.
Matthew 25:25	And I was afraid, and went and hid your talent in the earth: see, there you have that is yours.
Numbers 31:52	And all the gold of the offering that they offered up to the LORD, of the captains of thousands, and of the captains of hundreds, was sixteen thousand seven hundred and fifty shekels.
Job 29:20	My glory was fresh in me, and my bow was renewed in my hand.
Genesis 43:21	And it came to pass, when we came to the inn, that we opened our sacks, and, behold, every man’s money was in the mouth of his sack, our money in full weight: and we have brought it again in our hand.
Job 4:8	Even as I have seen, they that plow iniquity, and sow wickedness, reap the same.
Exodus 29:38	Now this is that which you shall offer on the altar; two lambs of the first year day by day continually.
Psalm 36:6	Your righteousness is like the great mountains; your judgments are a great deep: O LORD, you preserve man and beast.
Job 5:21	You shall be hid from the whip of the tongue: neither shall you be afraid of destruction when it comes.
2 Peter 2:2	And many shall follow their pernicious ways; by reason of whom the way of truth shall be evil spoken of.
Psalm 52:2	The tongue devises mischiefs; like a sharp razor, working deceitfully.
Jonah 4:1	But it displeased Jonah exceedingly, and he was very angry.
2 Kings 17:7	For so it was, that the children of Israel had sinned against the LORD their God, which had brought them up out of the land of Egypt, from under the hand of Pharaoh king of Egypt, and had feared other gods,
John 11:46	But some of them went their ways to the Pharisees, and told them what things Jesus had done.
Jeremiah 18:15	Because my people has forgotten me, they have burned incense to vanity, and they have caused them to stumble in their ways from the ancient paths, to walk in paths, in a way not cast up;
Psalm 119:95	The wicked have waited for me to destroy me: but I will consider your testimonies.
Jeremiah 13:10	This evil people, which refuse to hear my words, which walk in the imagination of their heart, and walk after other gods, to serve them, and to worship them, shall even be as this girdle, which is good for nothing.
Exodus 28:13	And you shall make ouches of gold;
1 Peter 2:7	To you therefore which believe he is precious: but to them which be disobedient, the stone which the builders disallowed, the same is made the head of the corner,
Song of Solomon 6:8	There are three score queens, and fourscore concubines, and virgins without number.
Deuteronomy 11:25	There shall no man be able to stand before you: for the LORD your God shall lay the fear of you and the dread of you on all the land that you shall tread on, as he has said to you.
Matthew 25:18	But he that had received one went and dig in the earth, and hid his lord’s money.
Ezekiel 28:15	You were perfect in your ways from the day that you were created, till iniquity was found in you.
Numbers 21:1	And when king Arad the Canaanite, which dwelled in the south, heard tell that Israel came by the way of the spies; then he fought against Israel, and took some of them prisoners.
Malachi 1:5	And your eyes shall see, and you shall say, The LORD will be magnified from the border of Israel.
Ezekiel 18:3	As I live, said the Lord GOD, you shall not have occasion any more to use this proverb in Israel.
1 Peter 4:16	Yet if any man suffer as a Christian, let him not be ashamed; but let him glorify God on this behalf.
2 Chronicles 29:18	Then they went in to Hezekiah the king, and said, We have cleansed all the house of the LORD, and the altar of burnt offering, with all the vessels thereof, and the show bread table, with all the vessels thereof.
1 Kings 1:7	And he conferred with Joab the son of Zeruiah, and with Abiathar the priest: and they following Adonijah helped him.
Jeremiah 29:14	And I will be found of you, said the LORD: and I will turn away your captivity, and I will gather you from all the nations, and from all the places where I have driven you, said the LORD; and I will bring you again into the place from where I caused you to be carried away captive.
Psalm 81:14	I should soon have subdued their enemies, and turned my hand against their adversaries.
2 Samuel 21:15	Moreover the Philistines had yet war again with Israel; and David went down, and his servants with him, and fought against the Philistines: and David waxed faint.
2 Corinthians 6:13	Now for a recompense in the same, (I speak as to my children,) be you also enlarged.
Numbers 27:10	And if he have no brothers, then you shall give his inheritance to his father’s brothers.
Revelation 2:6	But this you have, that you hate the deeds of the Nicolaitanes, which I also hate.
Genesis 47:15	And when money failed in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, all the Egyptians came to Joseph, and said, Give us bread: for why should we die in your presence? for the money fails.
Jeremiah 52:14	And all the army of the Chaldeans, that were with the captain of the guard, broke down all the walls of Jerusalem round about.
Psalm 110:7	He shall drink of the brook in the way: therefore shall he lift up the head.
John 8:45	And because I tell you the truth, you believe me not.
Lamentations 3:41	Let us lift up our heart with our hands to God in the heavens.
1 Chronicles 7:5	And their brothers among all the families of Issachar were valiant men of might, reckoned in all by their genealogies fourscore and seven thousand.
1 Corinthians 14:28	But if there be no interpreter, let him keep silence in the church; and let him speak to himself, and to God.
Jeremiah 32:20	Which have set signs and wonders in the land of Egypt, even to this day, and in Israel, and among other men; and have made you a name, as at this day;
Numbers 7:81	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:
Ezekiel 3:4	And he said to me, Son of man, go, get you to the house of Israel, and speak with my words to them.
Matthew 27:66	So they went, and made the sepulcher sure, sealing the stone, and setting a watch.
Matthew 8:14	And when Jesus was come into Peter’s house, he saw his wife’s mother laid, and sick of a fever.
2 Samuel 12:9	Why have you despised the commandment of the LORD, to do evil in his sight? you have killed Uriah the Hittite with the sword, and have taken his wife to be your wife, and have slain him with the sword of the children of Ammon.
Song of Solomon 7:9	And the roof of your mouth like the best wine for my beloved, that goes down sweetly, causing the lips of those that are asleep to speak.
1 Kings 18:5	And Ahab said to Obadiah, Go into the land, to all fountains of water, and to all brooks: peradventure we may find grass to save the horses and mules alive, that we lose not all the beasts.
Malachi 1:11	For from the rising of the sun even to the going down of the same my name shall be great among the Gentiles; and in every place incense shall be offered to my name, and a pure offering: for my name shall be great among the heathen, said the LORD of hosts.
Numbers 31:46	And sixteen thousand persons;)
Acts 9:5	And he said, Who are you, Lord? And the Lord said, I am Jesus whom you persecute: it is hard for you to kick against the pricks.
Ezekiel 40:41	Four tables were on this side, and four tables on that side, by the side of the gate; eight tables, whereupon they slew their sacrifices.
Leviticus 26:38	And you shall perish among the heathen, and the land of your enemies shall eat you up.
Jeremiah 2:26	As the thief is ashamed when he is found, so is the house of Israel ashamed; they, their kings, their princes, and their priests, and their prophets.
Ecclesiastes 3:8	A time to love, and a time to hate; a time of war, and a time of peace.
1 Kings 7:24	And under the brim of it round about there were knops compassing it, ten in a cubit, compassing the sea round about: the knops were cast in two rows, when it was cast.
1 Samuel 25:33	And blessed be your advice, and blessed be you, which have kept me this day from coming to shed blood, and from avenging myself with my own hand.
Job 40:15	Behold now behemoth, which I made with you; he eats grass as an ox.
Proverbs 29:10	The bloodthirsty hate the upright: but the just seek his soul.
1 Samuel 25:19	And she said to her servants, Go on before me; behold, I come after you. But she told not her husband Nabal.
Proverbs 12:16	A fool’s wrath is presently known: but a prudent man covers shame.
Nehemiah 1:6	Let your ear now be attentive, and your eyes open, that you may hear the prayer of your servant, which I pray before you now, day and night, for the children of Israel your servants, and confess the sins of the children of Israel, which we have sinned against you: both I and my father’s house have sinned.
Job 22:13	And you say, How does God know? can he judge through the dark cloud?
1 Samuel 2:7	The LORD makes poor, and makes rich: he brings low, and lifts up.
Judges 3:25	And they tarried till they were ashamed: and, behold, he opened not the doors of the parlor; therefore they took a key, and opened them: and, behold, their lord was fallen down dead on the earth.
Exodus 40:36	And when the cloud was taken up from over the tabernacle, the children of Israel went onward in all their journeys:
Joshua 22:7	Now to the one half of the tribe of Manasseh Moses had given possession in Bashan: but to the other half thereof gave Joshua among their brothers on this side Jordan westward. And when Joshua sent them away also to their tents, then he blessed them,
Titus 3:7	That being justified by his grace, we should be made heirs according to the hope of eternal life.
Romans 2:21	You therefore which teach another, teach you not yourself? you that preach a man should not steal, do you steal?
Psalm 35:19	Let not them that are my enemies wrongfully rejoice over me: neither let them wink with the eye that hate me without a cause.
Numbers 5:23	And the priest shall write these curses in a book, and he shall blot them out with the bitter water:
John 15:25	But this comes to pass, that the word might be fulfilled that is written in their law, They hated me without a cause.
Psalm 22:4	Our fathers trusted in you: they trusted, and you did deliver them.
Jeremiah 32:2	For then the king of Babylon’s army besieged Jerusalem: and Jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the prison, which was in the king of Judah’s house.
Luke 8:42	For he had one only daughter, about twelve years of age, and she lay a dying. But as he went the people thronged him.
Numbers 7:52	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
Psalm 47:4	He shall choose our inheritance for us, the excellency of Jacob whom he loved. Selah.
Judges 9:14	Then said all the trees to the bramble, Come you, and reign over us.
Job 24:7	They cause the naked to lodge without clothing, that they have no covering in the cold.
Judges 18:6	And the priest said to them, Go in peace: before the LORD is your way wherein you go.
Exodus 13:2	Sanctify to me all the firstborn, whatever opens the womb among the children of Israel, both of man and of beast: it is mine.
Exodus 29:42	This shall be a continual burnt offering throughout your generations at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before the LORD: where I will meet you, to speak there to you.
Jeremiah 15:3	And I will appoint over them four kinds, said the LORD: the sword to slay, and the dogs to tear, and the fowls of the heaven, and the beasts of the earth, to devour and destroy.
Psalm 69:20	Reproach has broken my heart; and I am full of heaviness: and I looked for some to take pity, but there was none; and for comforters, but I found none.
1 Corinthians 5:1	It is reported commonly that there is fornication among you, and such fornication as is not so much as named among the Gentiles, that one should have his father’s wife.
2 Chronicles 6:3	And the king turned his face, and blessed the whole congregation of Israel: and all the congregation of Israel stood.
Ezekiel 5:10	Therefore the fathers shall eat the sons in the middle of you, and the sons shall eat their fathers; and I will execute judgments in you, and the whole remnant of you will I scatter into all the winds.
1 Kings 16:1	Then the word of the LORD came to Jehu the son of Hanani against Baasha, saying,
Matthew 13:45	Again, the kingdom of heaven is like to a merchant man, seeking goodly pearls:
1 Samuel 17:37	David said moreover, The LORD that delivered me out of the paw of the lion, and out of the paw of the bear, he will deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine. And Saul said to David, Go, and the LORD be with you.
Zephaniah 2:5	Woe to the inhabitants of the sea coast, the nation of the Cherethites! the word of the LORD is against you; O Canaan, the land of the Philistines, I will even destroy you, that there shall be no inhabitant.
Acts 25:10	Then said Paul, I stand at Caesar’s judgment seat, where I ought to be judged: to the Jews have I done no wrong, as you very well know.
Matthew 19:28	And Jesus said to them, Truly I say to you, That you which have followed me, in the regeneration when the Son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory, you also shall sit on twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel.
2 Kings 19:4	It may be the LORD your God will hear all the words of Rabshakeh, whom the king of Assyria his master has sent to reproach the living God; and will reprove the words which the LORD your God has heard: why lift up your prayer for the remnant that are left.
Jeremiah 30:2	Thus speaks the LORD God of Israel, saying, Write you all the words that I have spoken to you in a book.
1 Corinthians 4:20	For the kingdom of God is not in word, but in power.
Numbers 4:17	And the LORD spoke to Moses and to Aaron saying,
Ezekiel 2:9	And when I looked, behold, an hand was sent to me; and, see, a roll of a book was therein;
1 Chronicles 29:1	Furthermore David the king said to all the congregation, Solomon my son, whom alone God has chosen, is yet young and tender, and the work is great: for the palace is not for man, but for the LORD God.
Matthew 27:6	And the chief priests took the silver pieces, and said, It is not lawful for to put them into the treasury, because it is the price of blood.
Romans 15:5	Now the God of patience and consolation grant you to be like minded one toward another according to Christ Jesus:
Proverbs 17:22	A merry heart does good like a medicine: but a broken spirit dries the bones.
Jeremiah 46:10	For this is the day of the Lord GOD of hosts, a day of vengeance, that he may avenge him of his adversaries: and the sword shall devour, and it shall be satiate and made drunk with their blood: for the Lord GOD of hosts has a sacrifice in the north country by the river Euphrates.
Isaiah 50:3	I clothe the heavens with blackness, and I make sackcloth their covering.
Psalm 59:17	To you, O my strength, will I sing: for God is my defense, and the God of my mercy.
Haggai 2:18	Consider now from this day and upward, from the four and twentieth day of the ninth month, even from the day that the foundation of the LORD’s temple was laid, consider it.
1 Chronicles 2:29	And the name of the wife of Abishur was Abihail, and she bore him Ahban, and Molid.
Numbers 20:2	And there was no water for the congregation: and they gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron.
Judges 7:1	Then Jerubbaal, who is Gideon, and all the people that were with him, rose up early, and pitched beside the well of Harod: so that the host of the Midianites were on the north side of them, by the hill of Moreh, in the valley.
Leviticus 18:18	Neither shall you take a wife to her sister, to vex her, to uncover her nakedness, beside the other in her life time.
2 Samuel 8:10	Then Toi sent Joram his son to king David, to salute him, and to bless him, because he had fought against Hadadezer, and smitten him: for Hadadezer had wars with Toi. And Joram brought with him vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and vessels of brass:
1 Chronicles 3:10	And Solomon’s son was Rehoboam, Abia his son, Asa his son, Jehoshaphat his son,
2 Timothy 1:13	Hold fast the form of sound words, which you have heard of me, in faith and love which is in Christ Jesus.
Jeremiah 46:19	O you daughter dwelling in Egypt, furnish yourself to go into captivity: for Noph shall be waste and desolate without an inhabitant.
Revelation 2:12	And to the angel of the church in Pergamos write; These things said he which has the sharp sword with two edges;
1 Kings 7:21	And he set up the pillars in the porch of the temple: and he set up the right pillar, and called the name thereof Jachin: and he set up the left pillar, and called the name thereof Boaz.
Mark 14:33	And he takes with him Peter and James and John, and began to be sore amazed, and to be very heavy;
Acts 2:6	Now when this was noised abroad, the multitude came together, and were confounded, because that every man heard them speak in his own language.
Numbers 33:7	And they removed from Etham, and turned again to Pihahiroth, which is before Baalzephon: and they pitched before Migdol.
Genesis 48:8	And Israel beheld Joseph’s sons, and said, Who are these?
Psalm 119:29	Remove from me the way of lying: and grant me your law graciously.
Psalm 33:8	Let all the earth fear the LORD: let all the inhabitants of the world stand in awe of him.
Jeremiah 21:1	The word which came to Jeremiah from the LORD, when king Zedekiah sent to him Pashur the son of Melchiah, and Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest, saying,
Mark 5:19	However, Jesus suffered him not, but said to him, Go home to your friends, and tell them how great things the Lord has done for you, and has had compassion on you.
Ezekiel 3:1	Moreover he said to me, Son of man, eat that you find; eat this roll, and go speak to the house of Israel.
Philippians 2:12	Why, my beloved, as you have always obeyed, not as in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear and trembling.
James 4:2	You lust, and have not: you kill, and desire to have, and cannot obtain: you fight and war, yet you have not, because you ask not.
Exodus 7:2	You shall speak all that I command you: and Aaron your brother shall speak to Pharaoh, that he send the children of Israel out of his land.
Joshua 2:22	And they went, and came to the mountain, and stayed there three days, until the pursuers were returned: and the pursuers sought them throughout all the way, but found them not.
1 Samuel 15:23	For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft, and stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry. Because you have rejected the word of the LORD, he has also rejected you from being king.
2 Corinthians 3:13	And not as Moses, which put a veil over his face, that the children of Israel could not steadfastly look to the end of that which is abolished:
Zechariah 9:15	The LORD of hosts shall defend them; and they shall devour, and subdue with sling stones; and they shall drink, and make a noise as through wine; and they shall be filled like bowls, and as the corners of the altar.
Exodus 1:20	Therefore God dealt well with the midwives: and the people multiplied, and waxed very mighty.
Revelation 20:10	And the devil that deceived them was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are, and shall be tormented day and night for ever and ever.
Matthew 15:27	And she said, Truth, Lord: yet the dogs eat of the crumbs which fall from their masters’ table.
Exodus 21:36	Or if it be known that the ox has used to push in time past, and his owner has not kept him in; he shall surely pay ox for ox; and the dead shall be his own.
1 Corinthians 5:6	Your glorying is not good. Know you not that a little leaven leavens the whole lump?
Psalm 148:12	Both young men, and maidens; old men, and children:
2 Peter 1:11	For so an entrance shall be ministered to you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.
1 Samuel 15:28	And Samuel said to him, The LORD has rent the kingdom of Israel from you this day, and has given it to a neighbor of yours, that is better than you.
Psalm 102:6	I am like a pelican of the wilderness: I am like an owl of the desert.
Song of Solomon 2:12	The flowers appear on the earth; the time of the singing of birds is come, and the voice of the turtle is heard in our land;
Nehemiah 12:35	And certain of the priests’ sons with trumpets; namely, Zechariah the son of Jonathan, the son of Shemaiah, the son of Mattaniah, the son of Michaiah, the son of Zaccur, the son of Asaph:
Leviticus 20:17	And if a man shall take his sister, his father’s daughter, or his mother’s daughter, and see her nakedness, and she see his nakedness; it is a wicked thing; and they shall be cut off in the sight of their people: he has uncovered his sister’s nakedness; he shall bear his iniquity.
Jeremiah 7:18	The children gather wood, and the fathers kindle the fire, and the women knead their dough, to make cakes to the queen of heaven, and to pour out drink offerings to other gods, that they may provoke me to anger.
Luke 12:43	Blessed is that servant, whom his lord when he comes shall find so doing.
Joshua 8:8	And it shall be, when you have taken the city, that you shall set the city on fire: according to the commandment of the LORD shall you do. See, I have commanded you.
Luke 16:8	And the lord commended the unjust steward, because he had done wisely: for the children of this world are in their generation wiser than the children of light.
Leviticus 27:27	And if it be of an unclean beast, then he shall redeem it according to your estimation, and shall add a fifth part of it thereto: or if it be not redeemed, then it shall be sold according to your estimation.
2 Kings 17:37	And the statutes, and the ordinances, and the law, and the commandment, which he wrote for you, you shall observe to do for ever more; and you shall not fear other gods.
Ezekiel 23:49	And they shall recompense your lewdness on you, and you shall bear the sins of your idols: and you shall know that I am the Lord GOD.
1 Timothy 5:13	And with they learn to be idle, wandering about from house to house; and not only idle, but tattlers also and busybodies, speaking things which they ought not.
Proverbs 15:3	The eyes of the LORD are in every place, beholding the evil and the good.
Luke 10:26	He said to him, What is written in the law? how read you?
1 Chronicles 11:37	Hezro the Carmelite, Naarai the son of Ezbai,
Psalm 109:25	I became also a reproach to them: when they looked on me they shook their heads.
Isaiah 44:8	Fear you not, neither be afraid: have not I told you from that time, and have declared it? you are even my witnesses. Is there a God beside me? yes, there is no God; I know not any.
Judges 20:41	And when the men of Israel turned again, the men of Benjamin were amazed: for they saw that evil was come on them.
Philippians 1:11	Being filled with the fruits of righteousness, which are by Jesus Christ, to the glory and praise of God.
Psalm 89:37	It shall be established for ever as the moon, and as a faithful witness in heaven. Selah.
1 Samuel 7:11	And the men of Israel went out of Mizpeh, and pursued the Philistines, and smote them, until they came under Bethcar.
Ezekiel 42:8	For the length of the chambers that were in the utter court was fifty cubits: and, see, before the temple were an hundred cubits.
Numbers 4:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses and to Aaron, saying,
Luke 9:34	While he thus spoke, there came a cloud, and overshadowed them: and they feared as they entered into the cloud.
Daniel 11:39	Thus shall he do in the most strong holds with a strange god, whom he shall acknowledge and increase with glory: and he shall cause them to rule over many, and shall divide the land for gain.
Acts 8:34	And the eunuch answered Philip, and said, I pray you, of whom speaks the prophet this? of himself, or of some other man?
Numbers 10:32	And it shall be, if you go with us, yes, it shall be, that what goodness the LORD shall do to us, the same will we do to you.
2 Kings 5:22	And he said, All is well. My master has sent me, saying, Behold, even now there be come to me from mount Ephraim two young men of the sons of the prophets: give them, I pray you, a talent of silver, and two changes of garments.
1 Samuel 3:13	For I have told him that I will judge his house for ever for the iniquity which he knows; because his sons made themselves vile, and he restrained them not.
Jeremiah 7:5	For if you thoroughly amend your ways and your doings; if you thoroughly execute judgment between a man and his neighbor;
Numbers 23:15	And he said to Balak, Stand here by your burnt offering, while I meet the LORD yonder.
2 Samuel 3:30	So Joab, and Abishai his brother slew Abner, because he had slain their brother Asahel at Gibeon in the battle.
2 Kings 19:33	By the way that he came, by the same shall he return, and shall not come into this city, said the LORD.
Psalm 66:15	I will offer to you burnt sacrifices of fatted calves, with the incense of rams; I will offer bullocks with goats. Selah.
Proverbs 4:18	But the path of the just is as the shining light, that shines more and more to the perfect day.
1 Chronicles 12:34	And of Naphtali a thousand captains, and with them with shield and spear thirty and seven thousand.
Psalm 122:1	I was glad when they said to me, Let us go into the house of the LORD.
1 Corinthians 15:36	You fool, that which you sow is not quickened, except it die:
Psalm 138:8	The LORD will perfect that which concerns me: your mercy, O LORD, endures for ever: forsake not the works of your own hands.
Malachi 2:9	Therefore have I also made you contemptible and base before all the people, according as you have not kept my ways, but have been partial in the law.
John 12:48	He that rejects me, and receives not my words, has one that judges him: the word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day.
1 John 3:23	And this is his commandment, That we should believe on the name of his Son Jesus Christ, and love one another, as he gave us commandment.
Luke 15:18	I will arise and go to my father, and will say to him, Father, I have sinned against heaven, and before you,
Genesis 47:2	And he took some of his brothers, even five men, and presented them to Pharaoh.
Deuteronomy 24:9	Remember what the LORD your God did to Miriam by the way, after that you were come forth out of Egypt.
Psalm 119:2	Blessed are they that keep his testimonies, and that seek him with the whole heart.
Luke 1:15	For he shall be great in the sight of the Lord, and shall drink neither wine nor strong drink; and he shall be filled with the Holy Ghost, even from his mother’s womb.
Proverbs 13:14	The law of the wise is a fountain of life, to depart from the snares of death.
Numbers 14:35	I the LORD have said, I will surely do it to all this evil congregation, that are gathered together against me: in this wilderness they shall be consumed, and there they shall die.
Genesis 14:10	And the vale of Siddim was full of slime pits; and the kings of Sodom and Gomorrah fled, and fell there; and they that remained fled to the mountain.
Luke 9:12	And when the day began to wear away, then came the twelve, and said to him, Send the multitude away, that they may go into the towns and country round about, and lodge, and get victuals: for we are here in a desert place.
Jeremiah 31:8	Behold, I will bring them from the north country, and gather them from the coasts of the earth, and with them the blind and the lame, the woman with child and her that travails with child together: a great company shall return thither.
Joshua 22:34	And the children of Reuben and the children of Gad called the altar Ed: for it shall be a witness between us that the LORD is God.
John 1:3	All things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made that was made.
Numbers 16:21	Separate yourselves from among this congregation, that I may consume them in a moment.
John 11:44	And he that was dead came forth, bound hand and foot with grave clothes: and his face was bound about with a napkin. Jesus said to them, Loose him, and let him go.
Jeremiah 23:10	For the land is full of adulterers; for because of swearing the land mourns; the pleasant places of the wilderness are dried up, and their course is evil, and their force is not right.
Genesis 34:22	Only herein will the men consent to us for to dwell with us, to be one people, if every male among us be circumcised, as they are circumcised.
Daniel 10:5	Then I lifted up my eyes, and looked, and behold a certain man clothed in linen, whose loins were girded with fine gold of Uphaz:
2 Kings 19:31	For out of Jerusalem shall go forth a remnant, and they that escape out of mount Zion: the zeal of the LORD of hosts shall do this.
2 Kings 16:10	And king Ahaz went to Damascus to meet Tiglathpileser king of Assyria, and saw an altar that was at Damascus: and king Ahaz sent to Urijah the priest the fashion of the altar, and the pattern of it, according to all the workmanship thereof.
Mark 8:11	And the Pharisees came forth, and began to question with him, seeking of him a sign from heaven, tempting him.
1 Thessalonians 3:12	And the Lord make you to increase and abound in love one toward another, and toward all men, even as we do toward you:
1 Kings 4:27	And those officers provided victual for king Solomon, and for all that came to king Solomon’s table, every man in his month: they lacked nothing.
2 Samuel 19:3	And the people got them by stealth that day into the city, as people being ashamed steal away when they flee in battle.
1 Samuel 25:30	And it shall come to pass, when the LORD shall have done to my lord according to all the good that he has spoken concerning you, and shall have appointed you ruler over Israel;
Ecclesiastes 10:20	Curse not the king, no not in your thought; and curse not the rich in your bedchamber: for a bird of the air shall carry the voice, and that which has wings shall tell the matter.
Isaiah 37:2	And he sent Eliakim, who was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and the elders of the priests covered with sackcloth, to Isaiah the prophet the son of Amoz.
Matthew 27:24	When Pilate saw that he could prevail nothing, but that rather a tumult was made, he took water, and washed his hands before the multitude, saying, I am innocent of the blood of this just person: see you to it.
Genesis 31:52	This heap be witness, and this pillar be witness, that I will not pass over this heap to you, and that you shall not pass over this heap and this pillar to me, for harm.
Isaiah 42:5	Thus said God the LORD, he that created the heavens, and stretched them out; he that spread forth the earth, and that which comes out of it; he that gives breath to the people on it, and spirit to them that walk therein:
Genesis 32:5	And I have oxen, and asses, flocks, and menservants, and womenservants: and I have sent to tell my lord, that I may find grace in your sight.
Joshua 8:34	And afterward he read all the words of the law, the blessings and cursings, according to all that is written in the book of the law.
1 Corinthians 13:12	For now we see through a glass, darkly; but then face to face: now I know in part; but then shall I know even as also I am known.
1 Kings 12:4	Your father made our yoke grievous: now therefore make you the grievous service of your father, and his heavy yoke which he put on us, lighter, and we will serve you.
Leviticus 11:2	Speak to the children of Israel, saying, These are the beasts which you shall eat among all the beasts that are on the earth.
Numbers 34:21	Of the tribe of Benjamin, Elidad the son of Chislon.
1 Corinthians 4:16	Why I beseech you, be you followers of me.
Acts 11:13	And he showed us how he had seen an angel in his house, which stood and said to him, Send men to Joppa, and call for Simon, whose surname is Peter;
Matthew 5:28	But I say to you, That whoever looks on a woman to lust after her has committed adultery with her already in his heart.
Ephesians 3:1	For this cause I Paul, the prisoner of Jesus Christ for you Gentiles,
Romans 9:7	Neither, because they are the seed of Abraham, are they all children: but, In Isaac shall your seed be called.
Deuteronomy 32:49	Get you up into this mountain Abarim, to mount Nebo, which is in the land of Moab, that is over against Jericho; and behold the land of Canaan, which I give to the children of Israel for a possession:
Isaiah 9:4	For you have broken the yoke of his burden, and the staff of his shoulder, the rod of his oppressor, as in the day of Midian.
Genesis 35:20	And Jacob set a pillar on her grave: that is the pillar of Rachel’s grave to this day.
Genesis 44:34	For how shall I go up to my father, and the lad be not with me? lest peradventure I see the evil that shall come on my father.
1 Samuel 9:8	And the servant answered Saul again, and said, Behold, I have here at hand the fourth part of a shekel of silver: that will I give to the man of God, to tell us our way.
John 8:19	Then said they to him, Where is your Father? Jesus answered, You neither know me, nor my Father: if you had known me, you should have known my Father also.
Job 30:10	They abhor me, they flee far from me, and spare not to spit in my face.
Psalm 44:8	In God we boast all the day long, and praise your name for ever. Selah.
Mark 4:14	The sower sows the word.
Romans 14:11	For it is written, As I live, said the Lord, every knee shall bow to me, and every tongue shall confess to God.
Acts 11:1	And the apostles and brothers that were in Judaea heard that the Gentiles had also received the word of God.
Proverbs 3:3	Let not mercy and truth forsake you: bind them about your neck; write them on the table of your heart:
Ephesians 6:7	With good will doing service, as to the Lord, and not to men:
Psalm 54:1	Save me, O God, by your name, and judge me by your strength.
Job 19:28	But you should say, Why persecute we him, seeing the root of the matter is found in me?
Judges 18:4	And he said to them, Thus and thus deals Micah with me, and has hired me, and I am his priest.
Acts 20:18	And when they were come to him, he said to them, You know, from the first day that I came into Asia, after what manner I have been with you at all seasons,
Isaiah 51:13	And forget the LORD your maker, that has stretched forth the heavens, and laid the foundations of the earth; and have feared continually every day because of the fury of the oppressor, as if he were ready to destroy? and where is the fury of the oppressor?
Jeremiah 51:3	Against him that bends let the archer bend his bow, and against him that lifts himself up in his brigandine: and spare you not her young men; destroy you utterly all her host.
Leviticus 23:44	And Moses declared to the children of Israel the feasts of the LORD.
Luke 10:30	And Jesus answering said, A certain man went down from Jerusalem to Jericho, and fell among thieves, which stripped him of his raiment, and wounded him, and departed, leaving him half dead.
Genesis 30:36	And he set three days’ journey between himself and Jacob: and Jacob fed the rest of Laban’s flocks.
Luke 2:44	But they, supposing him to have been in the company, went a day’s journey; and they sought him among their kinsfolk and acquaintance.
Numbers 4:26	And the hangings of the court, and the hanging for the door of the gate of the court, which is by the tabernacle and by the altar round about, and their cords, and all the instruments of their service, and all that is made for them: so shall they serve.
Amos 5:12	For I know your manifold transgressions and your mighty sins: they afflict the just, they take a bribe, and they turn aside the poor in the gate from their right.
Psalm 80:4	O LORD God of hosts, how long will you be angry against the prayer of your people?
Jeremiah 33:21	Then may also my covenant be broken with David my servant, that he should not have a son to reign on his throne; and with the Levites the priests, my ministers.
Zechariah 14:2	For I will gather all nations against Jerusalem to battle; and the city shall be taken, and the houses rifled, and the women ravished; and half of the city shall go forth into captivity, and the residue of the people shall not be cut off from the city.
Romans 15:8	Now I say that Jesus Christ was a minister of the circumcision for the truth of God, to confirm the promises made to the fathers:
Acts 22:19	And I said, Lord, they know that I imprisoned and beat in every synagogue them that believed on you:
Psalm 86:13	For great is your mercy toward me: and you have delivered my soul from the lowest hell.
Nehemiah 4:22	Likewise at the same time said I to the people, Let every one with his servant lodge within Jerusalem, that in the night they may be a guard to us, and labor on the day.
Matthew 7:29	For he taught them as one having authority, and not as the scribes.
Luke 21:18	But there shall not an hair of your head perish.
2 Samuel 2:13	And Joab the son of Zeruiah, and the servants of David, went out, and met together by the pool of Gibeon: and they sat down, the one on the one side of the pool, and the other on the other side of the pool.
Genesis 34:21	These men are peaceable with us; therefore let them dwell in the land, and trade therein; for the land, behold, it is large enough for them; let us take their daughters to us for wives, and let us give them our daughters.
Job 32:5	When Elihu saw that there was no answer in the mouth of these three men, then his wrath was kindled.
John 7:26	But, see, he speaks boldly, and they say nothing to him. Do the rulers know indeed that this is the very Christ?
Jeremiah 22:9	Then they shall answer, Because they have forsaken the covenant of the LORD their God, and worshipped other gods, and served them.
Luke 15:8	Either what woman having ten pieces of silver, if she lose one piece, does not light a candle, and sweep the house, and seek diligently till she find it?
Acts 14:24	And after they had passed throughout Pisidia, they came to Pamphylia.
Psalm 122:4	Where the tribes go up, the tribes of the LORD, to the testimony of Israel, to give thanks to the name of the LORD.
Nehemiah 9:20	You gave also your good spirit to instruct them, and withheld not your manna from their mouth, and gave them water for their thirst.
Lamentations 2:9	Her gates are sunk into the ground; he has destroyed and broken her bars: her king and her princes are among the Gentiles: the law is no more; her prophets also find no vision from the LORD.
Proverbs 19:22	The desire of a man is his kindness: and a poor man is better than a liar.
Deuteronomy 1:4	After he had slain Sihon the king of the Amorites, which dwelled in Heshbon, and Og the king of Bashan, which dwelled at Astaroth in Edrei:
Deuteronomy 5:28	And the LORD heard the voice of your words, when you spoke to me; and the LORD said to me, I have heard the voice of the words of this people, which they have spoken to you: they have well said all that they have spoken.
Proverbs 6:29	So he that goes in to his neighbor’s wife; whoever touches her shall not be innocent.
Luke 6:15	Matthew and Thomas, James the son of Alphaeus, and Simon called Zelotes,
Ezekiel 33:32	And, see, you are to them as a very lovely song of one that has a pleasant voice, and can play well on an instrument: for they hear your words, but they do them not.
Deuteronomy 4:42	That the slayer might flee thither, which should kill his neighbor unawares, and hated him not in times past; and that fleeing to one of these cities he might live:
Leviticus 18:9	The nakedness of your sister, the daughter of your father, or daughter of your mother, whether she be born at home, or born abroad, even their nakedness you shall not uncover.
Nehemiah 8:14	And they found written in the law which the LORD had commanded by Moses, that the children of Israel should dwell in booths in the feast of the seventh month:
Luke 18:32	For he shall be delivered to the Gentiles, and shall be mocked, and spitefully entreated, and spitted on:
Matthew 16:2	He answered and said to them, When it is evening, you say, It will be fair weather: for the sky is red.
John 13:32	If God be glorified in him, God shall also glorify him in himself, and shall straightway glorify him.
Acts 10:36	The word which God sent to the children of Israel, preaching peace by Jesus Christ: (he is Lord of all:)
1 Timothy 1:14	And the grace of our Lord was exceeding abundant with faith and love which is in Christ Jesus.
Ezekiel 39:27	When I have brought them again from the people, and gathered them out of their enemies’ lands, and am sanctified in them in the sight of many nations;
Numbers 4:27	At the appointment of Aaron and his sons shall be all the service of the sons of the Gershonites, in all their burdens, and in all their service: and you shall appoint to them in charge all their burdens.
Luke 2:9	And, see, the angel of the Lord came on them, and the glory of the Lord shone round about them: and they were sore afraid.
2 Samuel 16:10	And the king said, What have I to do with you, you sons of Zeruiah? so let him curse, because the LORD has said to him, Curse David. Who shall then say, Why have you done so?
Proverbs 21:3	To do justice and judgment is more acceptable to the LORD than sacrifice.
Numbers 16:26	And he spoke to the congregation, saying, Depart, I pray you, from the tents of these wicked men, and touch nothing of theirs, lest you be consumed in all their sins.
Deuteronomy 8:6	Therefore you shall keep the commandments of the LORD your God, to walk in his ways, and to fear him.
Colossians 1:9	For this cause we also, since the day we heard it, do not cease to pray for you, and to desire that you might be filled with the knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding;
Jeremiah 4:19	My bowels, my bowels! I am pained at my very heart; my heart makes a noise in me; I cannot hold my peace, because you have heard, O my soul, the sound of the trumpet, the alarm of war.
Lamentations 1:15	The LORD has trodden under foot all my mighty men in the middle of me: he has called an assembly against me to crush my young men: the LORD has trodden the virgin, the daughter of Judah, as in a wine press.
Genesis 50:24	And Joseph said to his brothers, I die: and God will surely visit you, and bring you out of this land to the land which he swore to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob.
Luke 21:34	And take heed to yourselves, lest at any time your hearts be overcharged with surfeiting, and drunkenness, and cares of this life, and so that day come on you unawares.
Leviticus 15:18	The woman also with whom man shall lie with seed of copulation, they shall both bathe themselves in water, and be unclean until the even.
John 13:26	Jesus answered, He it is, to whom I shall give a sop, when I have dipped it. And when he had dipped the sop, he gave it to Judas Iscariot, the son of Simon.
Luke 3:1	Now in the fifteenth year of the reign of Tiberius Caesar, Pontius Pilate being governor of Judaea, and Herod being tetrarch of Galilee, and his brother Philip tetrarch of Ituraea and of the region of Trachonitis, and Lysanias the tetrarch of Abilene,
Psalm 60:5	That your beloved may be delivered; save with your right hand, and hear me.
Job 18:4	He tears himself in his anger: shall the earth be forsaken for you? and shall the rock be removed out of his place?
Jeremiah 28:11	And Hananiah spoke in the presence of all the people, saying, Thus said the LORD; Even so will I break the yoke of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon from the neck of all nations within the space of two full years. And the prophet Jeremiah went his way.
Exodus 5:15	Then the officers of the children of Israel came and cried to Pharaoh, saying, Why deal you thus with your servants?
Esther 6:11	Then took Haman the apparel and the horse, and arrayed Mordecai, and brought him on horseback through the street of the city, and proclaimed before him, Thus shall it be done to the man whom the king delights to honor.
Philippians 1:6	Being confident of this very thing, that he which has begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ:
Isaiah 28:19	From the time that it goes forth it shall take you: for morning by morning shall it pass over, by day and by night: and it shall be a vexation only to understand the report.
Numbers 34:14	For the tribe of the children of Reuben according to the house of their fathers, and the tribe of the children of Gad according to the house of their fathers, have received their inheritance; and half the tribe of Manasseh have received their inheritance:
Psalm 119:134	Deliver me from the oppression of man: so will I keep your precepts.
Judges 18:20	And the priest’s heart was glad, and he took the ephod, and the teraphim, and the graven image, and went in the middle of the people.
1 Kings 12:29	And he set the one in Bethel, and the other put he in Dan.
Jeremiah 39:15	Now the word of the LORD came to Jeremiah, while he was shut up in the court of the prison, saying,
Judges 12:8	And after him Ibzan of Bethlehem judged Israel.
1 Chronicles 5:6	Beerah his son, whom Tilgathpilneser king of Assyria carried away captive: he was prince of the Reubenites.
Genesis 39:18	And it came to pass, as I lifted up my voice and cried, that he left his garment with me, and fled out.
Exodus 8:25	And Pharaoh called for Moses and for Aaron, and said, Go you, sacrifice to your God in the land.
Genesis 31:34	Now Rachel had taken the images, and put them in the camel’s furniture, and sat on them. And Laban searched all the tent, but found them not.
2 Timothy 1:7	For God has not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.
2 Samuel 1:20	Tell it not in Gath, publish it not in the streets of Askelon; lest the daughters of the Philistines rejoice, lest the daughters of the uncircumcised triumph.
Jeremiah 52:11	Then he put out the eyes of Zedekiah; and the king of Babylon bound him in chains, and carried him to Babylon, and put him in prison till the day of his death.
1 Samuel 7:3	And Samuel spoke to all the house of Israel, saying, If you do return to the LORD with all your hearts, then put away the strange gods and Ashtaroth from among you, and prepare your hearts to the LORD, and serve him only: and he will deliver you out of the hand of the Philistines.
Deuteronomy 24:3	And if the latter husband hate her, and write her a bill of divorce, and gives it in her hand, and sends her out of his house; or if the latter husband die, which took her to be his wife;
Mark 5:28	For she said, If I may touch but his clothes, I shall be whole.
John 20:8	Then went in also that other disciple, which came first to the sepulcher, and he saw, and believed.
Psalm 122:8	For my brothers and companions’ sakes, I will now say, Peace be within you.
Deuteronomy 20:2	And it shall be, when you are come near to the battle, that the priest shall approach and speak to the people,
Colossians 4:1	Masters, give to your servants that which is just and equal; knowing that you also have a Master in heaven.
Proverbs 23:1	When you sit to eat with a ruler, consider diligently what is before you:
Amos 7:9	And the high places of Isaac shall be desolate, and the sanctuaries of Israel shall be laid waste; and I will rise against the house of Jeroboam with the sword.
Proverbs 16:26	He that labors labors for himself; for his mouth craves it of him.
Zechariah 14:1	Behold, the day of the LORD comes, and your spoil shall be divided in the middle of you.
1 Samuel 25:18	Then Abigail made haste, and took two hundred loaves, and two bottles of wine, and five sheep ready dressed, and five measures of parched corn, and an hundred clusters of raisins, and two hundred cakes of figs, and laid them on asses.
Numbers 18:6	And I, behold, I have taken your brothers the Levites from among the children of Israel: to you they are given as a gift for the LORD, to do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Numbers 35:23	Or with any stone, with which a man may die, seeing him not, and cast it on him, that he die, and was not his enemy, neither sought his harm:
Zechariah 5:11	And he said to me, To build it an house in the land of Shinar: and it shall be established, and set there on her own base.
Mark 14:59	But neither so did their witness agree together.
Isaiah 46:9	Remember the former things of old: for I am God, and there is none else; I am God, and there is none like me,
Numbers 25:6	And, behold, one of the children of Israel came and brought to his brothers a Midianitish woman in the sight of Moses, and in the sight of all the congregation of the children of Israel, who were weeping before the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
2 Samuel 14:26	And when he polled his head, (for it was at every year’s end that he polled it: because the hair was heavy on him, therefore he polled it:) he weighed the hair of his head at two hundred shekels after the king’s weight.
1 John 3:7	Little children, let no man deceive you: he that does righteousness is righteous, even as he is righteous.
Romans 2:17	Behold, you are called a Jew, and rest in the law, and make your boast of God,
Genesis 31:25	Then Laban overtook Jacob. Now Jacob had pitched his tent in the mount: and Laban with his brothers pitched in the mount of Gilead.
Daniel 5:12	For as much as an excellent spirit, and knowledge, and understanding, interpreting of dreams, and showing of hard sentences, and dissolving of doubts, were found in the same Daniel, whom the king named Belteshazzar: now let Daniel be called, and he will show the interpretation.
Genesis 10:15	And Canaan begat Sidon his first born, and Heth,
Ezekiel 27:35	All the inhabitants of the isles shall be astonished at you, and their kings shall be sore afraid, they shall be troubled in their countenance.
Psalm 78:59	When God heard this, he was wroth, and greatly abhorred Israel:
2 Kings 17:39	But the LORD your God you shall fear; and he shall deliver you out of the hand of all your enemies.
Nehemiah 7:2	That I gave my brother Hanani, and Hananiah the ruler of the palace, charge over Jerusalem: for he was a faithful man, and feared God above many.
Nehemiah 4:9	Nevertheless we made our prayer to our God, and set a watch against them day and night, because of them.
Hebrews 4:1	Let us therefore fear, lest, a promise being left us of entering into his rest, any of you should seem to come short of it.
Exodus 3:15	And God said moreover to Moses, Thus shall you say to the children of Israel, the LORD God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, has sent me to you: this is my name for ever, and this is my memorial to all generations.
Leviticus 24:16	And he that blasphemes the name of the LORD, he shall surely be put to death, and all the congregation shall certainly stone him: as well the stranger, as he that is born in the land, when he blasphemes the name of the Lord, shall be put to death.
Luke 1:39	And Mary arose in those days, and went into the hill country with haste, into a city of Juda;
Matthew 18:12	How think you? if a man have an hundred sheep, and one of them be gone astray, does he not leave the ninety and nine, and goes into the mountains, and seeks that which is gone astray?
2 Kings 14:22	He built Elath, and restored it to Judah, after that the king slept with his fathers.
Hosea 3:4	For the children of Israel shall abide many days without a king, and without a prince, and without a sacrifice, and without an image, and without an ephod, and without teraphim:
Genesis 24:48	And I bowed down my head, and worshipped the LORD, and blessed the LORD God of my master Abraham, which had led me in the right way to take my master’s brother’s daughter to his son.
2 Chronicles 13:22	And the rest of the acts of Abijah, and his ways, and his sayings, are written in the story of the prophet Iddo.
Numbers 34:10	And you shall point out your east border from Hazarenan to Shepham:
Isaiah 38:8	Behold, I will bring again the shadow of the degrees, which is gone down in the sun dial of Ahaz, ten degrees backward. So the sun returned ten degrees, by which degrees it was gone down.
Numbers 10:21	And the Kohathites set forward, bearing the sanctuary: and the other did set up the tabernacle against they came.
Leviticus 27:31	And if a man will at all redeem ought of his tithes, he shall add thereto the fifth part thereof.
Jonah 1:7	And they said every one to his fellow, Come, and let us cast lots, that we may know for whose cause this evil is on us. So they cast lots, and the lot fell on Jonah.
Mark 6:31	And he said to them, Come you yourselves apart into a desert place, and rest a while: for there were many coming and going, and they had no leisure so much as to eat.
Acts 15:18	Known to God are all his works from the beginning of the world.
Mark 1:22	And they were astonished at his doctrine: for he taught them as one that had authority, and not as the scribes.
Isaiah 60:7	All the flocks of Kedar shall be gathered together to you, the rams of Nebaioth shall minister to you: they shall come up with acceptance on my altar, and I will glorify the house of my glory.
Ecclesiastes 3:2	A time to be born, and a time to die; a time to plant, and a time to pluck up that which is planted;
Luke 6:7	And the scribes and Pharisees watched him, whether he would heal on the sabbath day; that they might find an accusation against him.
Zephaniah 1:4	I will also stretch out my hand on Judah, and on all the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and I will cut off the remnant of Baal from this place, and the name of the Chemarims with the priests;
1 Kings 1:35	Then you shall come up after him, that he may come and sit on my throne; for he shall be king in my stead: and I have appointed him to be ruler over Israel and over Judah.
Numbers 12:11	And Aaron said to Moses, Alas, my lord, I beseech you, lay not the sin on us, wherein we have done foolishly, and wherein we have sinned.
Daniel 10:10	And, behold, an hand touched me, which set me on my knees and on the palms of my hands.
Psalm 13:6	I will sing to the LORD, because he has dealt bountifully with me.
Psalm 115:10	O house of Aaron, trust in the LORD: he is their help and their shield.
Isaiah 14:23	I will also make it a possession for the bittern, and pools of water: and I will sweep it with the besom of destruction, said the LORD of hosts.
2 Chronicles 27:9	And Jotham slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city of David: and Ahaz his son reigned in his stead.
Numbers 36:6	This is the thing which the LORD does command concerning the daughters of Zelophehad, saying, Let them marry to whom they think best; only to the family of the tribe of their father shall they marry.
Genesis 50:10	And they came to the threshing floor of Atad, which is beyond Jordan, and there they mourned with a great and very sore lamentation: and he made a mourning for his father seven days.
Psalm 40:1	I waited patiently for the LORD; and he inclined to me, and heard my cry.
1 Kings 14:13	And all Israel shall mourn for him, and bury him: for he only of Jeroboam shall come to the grave, because in him there is found some good thing toward the LORD God of Israel in the house of Jeroboam.
Psalm 34:22	The LORD redeems the soul of his servants: and none of them that trust in him shall be desolate.
2 Kings 20:4	And it came to pass, before Isaiah was gone out into the middle court, that the word of the LORD came to him, saying,
Acts 10:22	And they said, Cornelius the centurion, a just man, and one that fears God, and of good report among all the nation of the Jews, was warned from God by an holy angel to send for you into his house, and to hear words of you.
1 Chronicles 22:12	Only the LORD give you wisdom and understanding, and give you charge concerning Israel, that you may keep the law of the LORD your God.
John 21:18	Truly, truly, I say to you, When you were young, you gird yourself, and walked where you would: but when you shall be old, you shall stretch forth your hands, and another shall gird you, and carry you where you would not.
Jeremiah 35:15	I have sent also to you all my servants the prophets, rising up early and sending them, saying, Return you now every man from his evil way, and amend your doings, and go not after other gods to serve them, and you shall dwell in the land which I have given to you and to your fathers: but you have not inclined your ear, nor listened to me.
Luke 22:17	And he took the cup, and gave thanks, and said, Take this, and divide it among yourselves:
Mark 10:37	They said to him, Grant to us that we may sit, one on your right hand, and the other on your left hand, in your glory.
1 Kings 20:2	And he sent messengers to Ahab king of Israel into the city, and said to him, Thus said Benhadad,
Isaiah 6:2	Above it stood the seraphim: each one had six wings; with two he covered his face, and with two he covered his feet, and with two he did fly.
Genesis 43:7	And they said, The man asked us straightly of our state, and of our kindred, saying, Is your father yet alive? have you another brother? and we told him according to the tenor of these words: could we certainly know that he would say, Bring your brother down?
Genesis 9:1	And God blessed Noah and his sons, and said to them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth.
Joshua 15:15	And he went up there to the inhabitants of Debir: and the name of Debir before was Kirjathsepher.
Psalm 81:12	So I gave them up to their own hearts’ lust: and they walked in their own counsels.
Psalm 107:43	Whoever is wise, and will observe these things, even they shall understand the loving kindness of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 2:4	Behold, I build an house to the name of the LORD my God, to dedicate it to him, and to burn before him sweet incense, and for the continual show bread, and for the burnt offerings morning and evening, on the sabbaths, and on the new moons, and on the solemn feasts of the LORD our God. This is an ordinance for ever to Israel.
Luke 3:35	Which was the son of Saruch, which was the son of Ragau, which was the son of Phalec, which was the son of Heber, which was the son of Sala,
3 John 1:9	I wrote to the church: but Diotrephes, who loves to have the preeminence among them, receives us not.
Genesis 38:21	Then he asked the men of that place, saying, Where is the harlot, that was openly by the way side? And they said, There was no harlot in this place.
Ephesians 4:21	If so be that you have heard him, and have been taught by him, as the truth is in Jesus:
Ruth 4:8	Therefore the kinsman said to Boaz, Buy it for you. So he drew off his shoe.
Matthew 25:7	Then all those virgins arose, and trimmed their lamps.
Hebrews 3:14	For we are made partakers of Christ, if we hold the beginning of our confidence steadfast to the end;
2 Samuel 23:22	These things did Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and had the name among three mighty men.
Jeremiah 21:2	Inquire, I pray you, of the LORD for us; for Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon makes war against us; if so be that the LORD will deal with us according to all his wondrous works, that he may go up from us.
Isaiah 45:18	For thus said the LORD that created the heavens; God himself that formed the earth and made it; he has established it, he created it not in vain, he formed it to be inhabited: I am the LORD; and there is none else.
Luke 12:56	You hypocrites, you can discern the face of the sky and of the earth; but how is it that you do not discern this time?
Psalm 37:29	The righteous shall inherit the land, and dwell therein for ever.
Numbers 34:9	And the border shall go on to Ziphron, and the goings out of it shall be at Hazarenan: this shall be your north border.
Exodus 7:1	And the LORD said to Moses, See, I have made you a god to Pharaoh: and Aaron your brother shall be your prophet.
Psalm 51:9	Hide your face from my sins, and blot out all my iniquities.
2 Thessalonians 2:5	Remember you not, that, when I was yet with you, I told you these things?
Psalm 58:7	Let them melt away as waters which run continually: when he bends his bow to shoot his arrows, let them be as cut in pieces.
Ezekiel 35:7	Thus will I make mount Seir most desolate, and cut off from it him that passes out and him that returns.
Leviticus 11:19	And the stork, the heron after her kind, and the lapwing, and the bat.
Ezekiel 26:3	Therefore thus said the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against you, O Tyrus, and will cause many nations to come up against you, as the sea causes his waves to come up.
Ezekiel 48:25	And by the border of Simeon, from the east side to the west side, Issachar a portion.
Leviticus 10:14	And the wave breast and heave shoulder shall you eat in a clean place; you, and your sons, and your daughters with you: for they be your due, and your sons’ due, which are given out of the sacrifices of peace offerings of the children of Israel.
Genesis 19:6	And Lot went out at the door to them, and shut the door after him,
Judges 10:13	Yet you have forsaken me, and served other gods: why I will deliver you no more.
Acts 10:20	Arise therefore, and get you down, and go with them, doubting nothing: for I have sent them.
Proverbs 3:27	Withhold not good from them to whom it is due, when it is in the power of your hand to do it.
1 Chronicles 23:28	Because their office was to wait on the sons of Aaron for the service of the house of the LORD, in the courts, and in the chambers, and in the purifying of all holy things, and the work of the service of the house of God;
2 Chronicles 36:9	Jehoiachin was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned three months and ten days in Jerusalem: and he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD.
Genesis 48:5	And now your two sons, Ephraim and Manasseh, which were born to you in the land of Egypt before I came to you into Egypt, are mine; as Reuben and Simeon, they shall be mine.
Numbers 10:22	And the standard of the camp of the children of Ephraim set forward according to their armies: and over his host was Elishama the son of Ammihud.
Mark 8:30	And he charged them that they should tell no man of him.
2 Kings 2:11	And it came to pass, as they still went on, and talked, that, behold, there appeared a chariot of fire, and horses of fire, and parted them both asunder; and Elijah went up by a whirlwind into heaven.
Genesis 45:14	And he fell on his brother Benjamin’s neck, and wept; and Benjamin wept on his neck.
Jeremiah 18:5	Then the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Isaiah 7:5	Because Syria, Ephraim, and the son of Remaliah, have taken evil counsel against you, saying,
1 Samuel 7:14	And the cities which the Philistines had taken from Israel were restored to Israel, from Ekron even to Gath; and the coasts thereof did Israel deliver out of the hands of the Philistines. And there was peace between Israel and the Amorites.
Luke 2:12	And this shall be a sign to you; You shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger.
Matthew 12:9	And when he was departed there, he went into their synagogue:
Numbers 11:14	I am not able to bear all this people alone, because it is too heavy for me.
Matthew 28:2	And, behold, there was a great earthquake: for the angel of the Lord descended from heaven, and came and rolled back the stone from the door, and sat on it.
Ezekiel 29:4	But I will put hooks in your jaws, and I will cause the fish of your rivers to stick to your scales, and I will bring you up out of the middle of your rivers, and all the fish of your rivers shall stick to your scales.
Matthew 22:24	Saying, Master, Moses said, If a man die, having no children, his brother shall marry his wife, and raise up seed to his brother.
Ruth 3:3	Wash yourself therefore, and anoint you, and put your raiment on you, and get you down to the floor: but make not yourself known to the man, until he shall have done eating and drinking.
Exodus 25:39	Of a talent of pure gold shall he make it, with all these vessels.
Malachi 2:10	Have we not all one father? has not one God created us? why do we deal treacherously every man against his brother, by profaning the covenant of our fathers?
Romans 16:14	Salute Asyncritus, Phlegon, Hermas, Patrobas, Hermes, and the brothers which are with them.
2 Peter 2:10	But chiefly them that walk after the flesh in the lust of uncleanness, and despise government. Presumptuous are they, self-willed, they are not afraid to speak evil of dignities.
Ezekiel 45:14	Concerning the ordinance of oil, the bath of oil, you shall offer the tenth part of a bath out of the cor, which is an homer of ten baths; for ten baths are an homer:
Psalm 106:27	To overthrow their seed also among the nations, and to scatter them in the lands.
Leviticus 20:8	And you shall keep my statutes, and do them: I am the LORD which sanctify you.
1 Chronicles 17:16	And David the king came and sat before the LORD, and said, Who am I, O LORD God, and what is my house, that you have brought me till now?
Song of Solomon 8:1	O that you were as my brother, that sucked the breasts of my mother! when I should find you without, I would kiss you; yes, I should not be despised.
Jeremiah 5:24	Neither say they in their heart, Let us now fear the LORD our God, that gives rain, both the former and the latter, in his season: he reserves to us the appointed weeks of the harvest.
2 Samuel 21:21	And when he defied Israel, Jonathan the son of Shimeah the brother of David slew him.
Genesis 9:29	And all the days of Noah were nine hundred and fifty years: and he died.
1 Samuel 3:12	In that day I will perform against Eli all things which I have spoken concerning his house: when I begin, I will also make an end.
Job 1:9	Then Satan answered the LORD, and said, Does Job fear God for nothing?
Psalm 119:5	O that my ways were directed to keep your statutes!
Genesis 1:18	And to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness: and God saw that it was good.
Jeremiah 4:29	The whole city shall flee for the noise of the horsemen and bowmen; they shall go into thickets, and climb up on the rocks: every city shall be forsaken, and not a man dwell therein.
Leviticus 19:15	You shall do no unrighteousness in judgment: you shall not respect the person of the poor, nor honor the person of the mighty: but in righteousness shall you judge your neighbor.
Ezekiel 23:10	These discovered her nakedness: they took her sons and her daughters, and slew her with the sword: and she became famous among women; for they had executed judgment on her.
Jeremiah 34:2	Thus said the LORD, the God of Israel; Go and speak to Zedekiah king of Judah, and tell him, Thus said the LORD; Behold, I will give this city into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall burn it with fire:
Job 24:14	The murderer rising with the light kills the poor and needy, and in the night is as a thief.
Psalm 72:5	They shall fear you as long as the sun and moon endure, throughout all generations.
Genesis 9:12	And God said, This is the token of the covenant which I make between me and you and every living creature that is with you, for perpetual generations:
2 Kings 11:3	And he was with her hid in the house of the LORD six years. And Athaliah did reign over the land.
1 Kings 20:31	And his servants said to him, Behold now, we have heard that the kings of the house of Israel are merciful kings: let us, I pray you, put sackcloth on our loins, and ropes on our heads, and go out to the king of Israel: peradventure he will save your life.
1 Chronicles 11:28	Ira the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite, Abiezer the Antothite,
Song of Solomon 5:11	His head is as the most fine gold, his locks are bushy, and black as a raven.
Jeremiah 2:33	Why trim you your way to seek love? therefore have you also taught the wicked ones your ways.
1 Samuel 2:15	Also before they burnt the fat, the priest’s servant came, and said to the man that sacrificed, Give flesh to roast for the priest; for he will not have sodden flesh of you, but raw.
Proverbs 13:24	He that spares his rod hates his son: but he that loves him chastens him betimes.
Jeremiah 33:18	Neither shall the priests the Levites want a man before me to offer burnt offerings, and to kindle meat offerings, and to do sacrifice continually.
2 Chronicles 10:16	And when all Israel saw that the king would not listen to them, the people answered the king, saying, What portion have we in David? and we have none inheritance in the son of Jesse: every man to your tents, O Israel: and now, David, see to your own house. So all Israel went to their tents.
Daniel 3:17	If it be so, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery furnace, and he will deliver us out of your hand, O king.
Luke 13:28	There shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth, when you shall see Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob, and all the prophets, in the kingdom of God, and you yourselves thrust out.
Acts 2:41	Then they that gladly received his word were baptized: and the same day there were added to them about three thousand souls.
Joshua 12:21	The king of Taanach, one; the king of Megiddo, one;
Job 42:1	Then Job answered the LORD, and said,
Ezekiel 31:15	Thus said the Lord GOD; In the day when he went down to the grave I caused a mourning: I covered the deep for him, and I restrained the floods thereof, and the great waters were stayed: and I caused Lebanon to mourn for him, and all the trees of the field fainted for him.
Joshua 9:18	And the children of Israel smote them not, because the princes of the congregation had sworn to them by the LORD God of Israel. And all the congregation murmured against the princes.
Proverbs 4:15	Avoid it, pass not by it, turn from it, and pass away.
1 John 5:6	This is he that came by water and blood, even Jesus Christ; not by water only, but by water and blood. And it is the Spirit that bears witness, because the Spirit is truth.
Ezekiel 38:3	And say, Thus said the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against you, O Gog, the chief prince of Meshech and Tubal:
1 Samuel 17:34	And David said to Saul, Your servant kept his father’s sheep, and there came a lion, and a bear, and took a lamb out of the flock:
Exodus 28:32	And there shall be an hole in the top of it, in the middle thereof: it shall have a binding of woven work round about the hole of it, as it were the hole of an habergeon, that it be not rent.
Genesis 25:6	But to the sons of the concubines, which Abraham had, Abraham gave gifts, and sent them away from Isaac his son, while he yet lived, eastward, to the east country.
Psalm 108:6	That your beloved may be delivered: save with your right hand, and answer me.
Joshua 15:57	Cain, Gibeah, and Timnah; ten cities with their villages:
Joshua 9:9	And they said to him, From a very far country your servants are come because of the name of the LORD your God: for we have heard the fame of him, and all that he did in Egypt,
Mark 15:17	And they clothed him with purple, and platted a crown of thorns, and put it about his head,
Joshua 13:31	And half Gilead, and Ashtaroth, and Edrei, cities of the kingdom of Og in Bashan, were pertaining to the children of Machir the son of Manasseh, even to the one half of the children of Machir by their families.
Exodus 13:16	And it shall be for a token on your hand, and for frontlets between your eyes: for by strength of hand the LORD brought us forth out of Egypt.
Psalm 88:15	I am afflicted and ready to die from my youth up: while I suffer your terrors I am distracted.
Ezekiel 19:11	And she had strong rods for the scepters of them that bore rule, and her stature was exalted among the thick branches, and she appeared in her height with the multitude of her branches.
John 8:36	If the Son therefore shall make you free, you shall be free indeed.
Matthew 26:14	Then one of the twelve, called Judas Iscariot, went to the chief priests,
2 Kings 15:33	Five and twenty years old was he when he began to reign, and he reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem. And his mother’s name was Jerusha, the daughter of Zadok.
2 Samuel 24:16	And when the angel stretched out his hand on Jerusalem to destroy it, the LORD repented him of the evil, and said to the angel that destroyed the people, It is enough: stay now your hand. And the angel of the LORD was by the threshing place of Araunah the Jebusite.
Romans 7:14	For we know that the law is spiritual: but I am carnal, sold under sin.
Galatians 5:15	But if you bite and devour one another, take heed that you be not consumed one of another.
Genesis 47:21	And as for the people, he removed them to cities from one end of the borders of Egypt even to the other end thereof.
Luke 2:30	For my eyes have seen your salvation,
Acts 27:23	For there stood by me this night the angel of God, whose I am, and whom I serve,
Proverbs 28:28	When the wicked rise, men hide themselves: but when they perish, the righteous increase.
Psalm 44:26	Arise for our help, and redeem us for your mercies’ sake.
Daniel 1:21	And Daniel continued even to the first year of king Cyrus.
1 Kings 18:18	And he answered, I have not troubled Israel; but you, and your father’s house, in that you have forsaken the commandments of the LORD, and you have followed Baalim.
Judges 16:27	Now the house was full of men and women; and all the lords of the Philistines were there; and there were on the roof about three thousand men and women, that beheld while Samson made sport.
Hebrews 10:22	Let us draw near with a true heart in full assurance of faith, having our hearts sprinkled from an evil conscience, and our bodies washed with pure water.
John 13:3	Jesus knowing that the Father had given all things into his hands, and that he was come from God, and went to God;
Jeremiah 48:23	And on Kiriathaim, and on Bethgamul, and on Bethmeon,
Acts 7:18	Till another king arose, which knew not Joseph.
James 5:16	Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another, that you may be healed. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man avails much.
Psalm 40:17	But I am poor and needy; yet the Lord thinks on me: you are my help and my deliverer; make no tarrying, O my God.
Acts 14:6	They were ware of it, and fled to Lystra and Derbe, cities of Lycaonia, and to the region that lies round about:
Ezekiel 41:11	And the doors of the side chambers were toward the place that was left, one door toward the north, and another door toward the south: and the breadth of the place that was left was five cubits round about.
Proverbs 27:2	Let another man praise you, and not your own mouth; a stranger, and not your own lips.
Luke 22:52	Then Jesus said to the chief priests, and captains of the temple, and the elders, which were come to him, Be you come out, as against a thief, with swords and staves?
Joshua 24:2	And Joshua said to all the people, Thus said the LORD God of Israel, Your fathers dwelled on the other side of the flood in old time, even Terah, the father of Abraham, and the father of Nachor: and they served other gods.
2 Samuel 3:2	And to David were sons born in Hebron: and his firstborn was Amnon, of Ahinoam the Jezreelitess;
Ecclesiastes 7:29	See, this only have I found, that God has made man upright; but they have sought out many inventions.
Ezra 5:6	The copy of the letter that Tatnai, governor on this side the river, and Shetharboznai and his companions the Apharsachites, which were on this side the river, sent to Darius the king:
1 Chronicles 2:53	And the families of Kirjathjearim; the Ithrites, and the Puhites, and the Shumathites, and the Mishraites; of them came the Zareathites, and the Eshtaulites,
Deuteronomy 4:28	And there you shall serve gods, the work of men’s hands, wood and stone, which neither see, nor hear, nor eat, nor smell.
Psalm 55:23	But you, O God, shall bring them down into the pit of destruction: bloody and deceitful men shall not live out half their days; but I will trust in you.
1 Chronicles 27:30	Over the camels also was Obil the Ishmaelite: and over the asses was Jehdeiah the Meronothite:
Nehemiah 13:21	Then I testified against them, and said to them, Why lodge you about the wall? if you do so again, I will lay hands on you. From that time forth came they no more on the sabbath.
Joshua 14:13	And Joshua blessed him, and gave to Caleb the son of Jephunneh Hebron for an inheritance.
Luke 22:58	And after a little while another saw him, and said, You are also of them. And Peter said, Man, I am not.
Exodus 6:7	And I will take you to me for a people, and I will be to you a God: and you shall know that I am the LORD your God, which brings you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians.
1 Kings 7:34	And there were four supports to the four corners of one base: and the supports were of the very base itself.
Genesis 19:12	And the men said to Lot, Have you here any besides? son in law, and your sons, and your daughters, and whatever you have in the city, bring them out of this place:
Psalm 8:3	When I consider your heavens, the work of your fingers, the moon and the stars, which you have ordained;
Revelation 14:6	And I saw another angel fly in the middle of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach to them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people,
Mark 5:15	And they come to Jesus, and see him that was possessed with the devil, and had the legion, sitting, and clothed, and in his right mind: and they were afraid.
Proverbs 26:24	He that hates dissembles with his lips, and lays up deceit within him;
Acts 21:13	Then Paul answered, What mean you to weep and to break my heart? for I am ready not to be bound only, but also to die at Jerusalem for the name of the Lord Jesus.
Deuteronomy 1:22	And you came near to me every one of you, and said, We will send men before us, and they shall search us out the land, and bring us word again by what way we must go up, and into what cities we shall come.
Nehemiah 1:9	But if you turn to me, and keep my commandments, and do them; though there were of you cast out to the uttermost part of the heaven, yet will I gather them from there, and will bring them to the place that I have chosen to set my name there.
Song of Solomon 5:8	I charge you, O daughters of Jerusalem, if you find my beloved, that you tell him, that I am sick of love.
Psalm 119:4	You have commanded us to keep your precepts diligently.
Psalm 15:4	In whose eyes a vile person is contemned; but he honors them that fear the LORD. He that swears to his own hurt, and changes not.
Proverbs 23:11	For their redeemer is mighty; he shall plead their cause with you.
Philippians 3:15	Let us therefore, as many as be perfect, be thus minded: and if in any thing you be otherwise minded, God shall reveal even this to you.
2 Corinthians 4:5	For we preach not ourselves, but Christ Jesus the Lord; and ourselves your servants for Jesus’ sake.
Psalm 74:23	Forget not the voice of your enemies: the tumult of those that rise up against you increases continually.
Matthew 28:12	And when they were assembled with the elders, and had taken counsel, they gave large money to the soldiers,
Daniel 7:10	A fiery stream issued and came forth from before him: thousand thousands ministered to him, and ten thousand times ten thousand stood before him: the judgment was set, and the books were opened.
Exodus 12:16	And in the first day there shall be an holy convocation, and in the seventh day there shall be an holy convocation to you; no manner of work shall be done in them, save that which every man must eat, that only may be done of you.
Mark 2:1	And again he entered into Capernaum after some days; and it was noised that he was in the house.
1 Chronicles 10:14	And inquired not of the LORD: therefore he slew him, and turned the kingdom to David the son of Jesse.
Mark 11:5	And certain of them that stood there said to them, What do you, loosing the colt?
Genesis 7:17	And the flood was forty days on the earth; and the waters increased, and bore up the ark, and it was lift up above the earth.
Luke 9:52	And sent messengers before his face: and they went, and entered into a village of the Samaritans, to make ready for him.
Numbers 4:21	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Judges 9:57	And all the evil of the men of Shechem did God render on their heads: and on them came the curse of Jotham the son of Jerubbaal.
Job 19:14	My kinsfolk have failed, and my familiar friends have forgotten me.
1 Corinthians 9:2	If I be not an apostle to others, yet doubtless I am to you: for the seal of my apostleship are you in the Lord.
Psalm 78:12	Marvelous things did he in the sight of their fathers, in the land of Egypt, in the field of Zoan.
Mark 4:27	And should sleep, and rise night and day, and the seed should spring and grow up, he knows not how.
Job 4:20	They are destroyed from morning to evening: they perish for ever without any regarding it.
2 Chronicles 9:30	And Solomon reigned in Jerusalem over all Israel forty years.
Mark 5:36	As soon as Jesus heard the word that was spoken, he said to the ruler of the synagogue, Be not afraid, only believe.
Hosea 1:4	And the LORD said to him, Call his name Jezreel; for yet a little while, and I will avenge the blood of Jezreel on the house of Jehu, and will cause to cease the kingdom of the house of Israel.
Judges 6:38	And it was so: for he rose up early on the morrow, and thrust the fleece together, and wringed the dew out of the fleece, a bowl full of water.
Genesis 32:24	And Jacob was left alone; and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day.
Proverbs 21:2	Every way of a man is right in his own eyes: but the LORD ponders the hearts.
Joshua 14:6	Then the children of Judah came to Joshua in Gilgal: and Caleb the son of Jephunneh the Kenezite said to him, You know the thing that the LORD said to Moses the man of God concerning me and you in Kadeshbarnea.
Mark 9:8	And suddenly, when they had looked round about, they saw no man any more, save Jesus only with themselves.
John 11:53	Then from that day forth they took counsel together for to put him to death.
Jeremiah 41:16	Then took Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces that were with him, all the remnant of the people whom he had recovered from Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, from Mizpah, after that he had slain Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, even mighty men of war, and the women, and the children, and the eunuchs, whom he had brought again from Gibeon:
Isaiah 43:21	This people have I formed for myself; they shall show forth my praise.
Genesis 34:20	And Hamor and Shechem his son came to the gate of their city, and communed with the men of their city, saying,
Hebrews 11:8	By faith Abraham, when he was called to go out into a place which he should after receive for an inheritance, obeyed; and he went out, not knowing where he went.
Deuteronomy 5:30	Go say to them, Get you into your tents again.
Genesis 33:6	Then the handmaidens came near, they and their children, and they bowed themselves.
Deuteronomy 19:15	One witness shall not rise up against a man for any iniquity, or for any sin, in any sin that he sins: at the mouth of two witnesses, or at the mouth of three witnesses, shall the matter be established.
Romans 2:3	And think you this, O man, that judge them which do such things, and do the same, that you shall escape the judgment of God?
Numbers 4:29	As for the sons of Merari, you shall number them after their families, by the house of their fathers;
Matthew 8:24	And, behold, there arose a great tempest in the sea, so that the ship was covered with the waves: but he was asleep.
Ruth 1:12	Turn again, my daughters, go your way; for I am too old to have an husband. If I should say, I have hope, if I should have an husband also to night, and should also bear sons;
Genesis 15:15	And you shall go to your fathers in peace; you shall be buried in a good old age.
Psalm 65:8	They also that dwell in the uttermost parts are afraid at your tokens: you make the outgoings of the morning and evening to rejoice.
2 Peter 1:1	Simon Peter, a servant and an apostle of Jesus Christ, to them that have obtained like precious faith with us through the righteousness of God and our Savior Jesus Christ:
Exodus 32:14	And the LORD repented of the evil which he thought to do to his people.
Psalm 31:8	And have not shut me up into the hand of the enemy: you have set my feet in a large room.
Colossians 2:15	And having spoiled principalities and powers, he made a show of them openly, triumphing over them in it.
Leviticus 9:9	And the sons of Aaron brought the blood to him: and he dipped his finger in the blood, and put it on the horns of the altar, and poured out the blood at the bottom of the altar:
Leviticus 8:30	And Moses took of the anointing oil, and of the blood which was on the altar, and sprinkled it on Aaron, and on his garments, and on his sons, and on his sons’ garments with him; and sanctified Aaron, and his garments, and his sons, and his sons’ garments with him.
Matthew 24:27	For as the lightning comes out of the east, and shines even to the west; so shall also the coming of the Son of man be.
Jeremiah 10:21	For the pastors are become brutish, and have not sought the LORD: therefore they shall not prosper, and all their flocks shall be scattered.
Philemon 1:5	Hearing of your love and faith, which you have toward the Lord Jesus, and toward all saints;
Job 9:13	If God will not withdraw his anger, the proud helpers do stoop under him.
1 Corinthians 11:8	For the man is not of the woman: but the woman of the man.
Romans 3:4	God forbid: yes, let God be true, but every man a liar; as it is written, That you might be justified in your sayings, and might overcome when you are judged.
2 Samuel 7:15	But my mercy shall not depart away from him, as I took it from Saul, whom I put away before you.
1 Kings 8:38	What prayer and supplication soever be made by any man, or by all your people Israel, which shall know every man the plague of his own heart, and spread forth his hands toward this house:
Genesis 24:27	And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of my master Abraham, who has not left destitute my master of his mercy and his truth: I being in the way, the LORD led me to the house of my master’s brothers.
1 Kings 8:53	For you did separate them from among all the people of the earth, to be your inheritance, as you spoke by the hand of Moses your servant, when you brought our fathers out of Egypt, O LORD God.
Ezekiel 48:13	And over against the border of the priests the Levites shall have five and twenty thousand in length, and ten thousand in breadth: all the length shall be five and twenty thousand, and the breadth ten thousand.
Proverbs 16:29	A violent man entices his neighbor, and leads him into the way that is not good.
Romans 15:24	Whenever I take my journey into Spain, I will come to you: for I trust to see you in my journey, and to be brought on my way thitherward by you, if first I be somewhat filled with your company.
John 5:10	The Jews therefore said to him that was cured, It is the sabbath day: it is not lawful for you to carry your bed.
Esther 4:2	And came even before the king’s gate: for none might enter into the king’s gate clothed with sackcloth.
Ezekiel 22:23	And the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Matthew 10:4	Simon the Canaanite, and Judas Iscariot, who also betrayed him.
1 Samuel 16:12	And he sent, and brought him in. Now he was ruddy, and with of a beautiful countenance, and goodly to look to. And the LORD said, Arise, anoint him: for this is he.
1 Samuel 24:1	And it came to pass, when Saul was returned from following the Philistines, that it was told him, saying, Behold, David is in the wilderness of Engedi.
Jeremiah 17:22	Neither carry forth a burden out of your houses on the sabbath day, neither do you any work, but hallow you the sabbath day, as I commanded your fathers.
Nehemiah 12:8	Moreover the Levites: Jeshua, Binnui, Kadmiel, Sherebiah, Judah, and Mattaniah, which was over the thanksgiving, he and his brothers.
Acts 14:13	Then the priest of Jupiter, which was before their city, brought oxen and garlands to the gates, and would have done sacrifice with the people.
Romans 16:9	Salute Urbane, our helper in Christ, and Stachys my beloved.
Mark 9:5	And Peter answered and said to Jesus, Master, it is good for us to be here: and let us make three tabernacles; one for you, and one for Moses, and one for Elias.
Numbers 20:15	How our fathers went down into Egypt, and we have dwelled in Egypt a long time; and the Egyptians vexed us, and our fathers:
Judges 10:10	And the children of Israel cried to the LORD, saying, We have sinned against you, both because we have forsaken our God, and also served Baalim.
Mark 9:4	And there appeared to them Elias with Moses: and they were talking with Jesus.
Jeremiah 4:9	And it shall come to pass at that day, said the LORD, that the heart of the king shall perish, and the heart of the princes; and the priests shall be astonished, and the prophets shall wonder.
Psalm 119:45	And I will walk at liberty: for I seek your precepts.
Proverbs 14:30	A sound heart is the life of the flesh: but envy the rottenness of the bones.
Job 15:35	They conceive mischief, and bring forth vanity, and their belly prepares deceit.
1 Chronicles 22:16	Of the gold, the silver, and the brass, and the iron, there is no number. Arise therefore, and be doing, and the LORD be with you.
1 Chronicles 29:27	And the time that he reigned over Israel was forty years; seven years reigned he in Hebron, and thirty and three years reigned he in Jerusalem.
Judges 20:15	And the children of Benjamin were numbered at that time out of the cities twenty and six thousand men that drew sword, beside the inhabitants of Gibeah, which were numbered seven hundred chosen men.
John 5:3	In these lay a great multitude of weak folk, of blind, halt, withered, waiting for the moving of the water.
Nehemiah 10:3	Pashur, Amariah, Malchijah,
1 Kings 9:26	And king Solomon made a navy of ships in Eziongeber, which is beside Eloth, on the shore of the Red sea, in the land of Edom.
2 Chronicles 25:2	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, but not with a perfect heart.
Ephesians 5:29	For no man ever yet hated his own flesh; but nourishes and cherishes it, even as the Lord the church:
Galatians 6:13	For neither they themselves who are circumcised keep the law; but desire to have you circumcised, that they may glory in your flesh.
Psalm 65:12	They drop on the pastures of the wilderness: and the little hills rejoice on every side.
James 2:15	If a brother or sister be naked, and destitute of daily food,
Exodus 10:16	Then Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron in haste; and he said, I have sinned against the LORD your God, and against you.
Genesis 21:34	And Abraham sojourned in the Philistines’ land many days.
John 14:4	And where I go you know, and the way you know.
Deuteronomy 6:1	Now these are the commandments, the statutes, and the judgments, which the LORD your God commanded to teach you, that you might do them in the land where you go to possess it:
Psalm 71:16	I will go in the strength of the Lord GOD: I will make mention of your righteousness, even of your only.
Luke 21:19	In your patience possess you your souls.
Isaiah 14:20	You shall not be joined with them in burial, because you have destroyed your land, and slain your people: the seed of evildoers shall never be renowned.
1 Corinthians 15:41	There is one glory of the sun, and another glory of the moon, and another glory of the stars: for one star differs from another star in glory.
Job 18:12	His strength shall be extremely hungry, and destruction shall be ready at his side.
Psalm 38:18	For I will declare my iniquity; I will be sorry for my sin.
Job 42:13	He had also seven sons and three daughters.
Numbers 8:18	And I have taken the Levites for all the firstborn of the children of Israel.
Numbers 1:51	And when the tabernacle sets forward, the Levites shall take it down: and when the tabernacle is to be pitched, the Levites shall set it up: and the stranger that comes near shall be put to death.
Genesis 31:51	And Laban said to Jacob, Behold this heap, and behold this pillar, which I have cast between me and you:
2 Corinthians 13:11	Finally, brothers, farewell. Be perfect, be of good comfort, be of one mind, live in peace; and the God of love and peace shall be with you.
Job 4:17	Shall mortal man be more just than God? shall a man be more pure than his maker?
Ezra 6:5	And also let the golden and silver vessels of the house of God, which Nebuchadnezzar took forth out of the temple which is at Jerusalem, and brought to Babylon, be restored, and brought again to the temple which is at Jerusalem, every one to his place, and place them in the house of God.
Amos 9:13	Behold, the days come, said the LORD, that the plowman shall overtake the reaper, and the treader of grapes him that sows seed; and the mountains shall drop sweet wine, and all the hills shall melt.
2 Corinthians 11:33	And through a window in a basket was I let down by the wall, and escaped his hands.
1 Kings 7:20	And the capitals on the two pillars had pomegranates also above, over against the belly which was by the network: and the pomegranates were two hundred in rows round about on the other capital.
1 Samuel 30:12	And they gave him a piece of a cake of figs, and two clusters of raisins: and when he had eaten, his spirit came again to him: for he had eaten no bread, nor drunk any water, three days and three nights.
Romans 14:3	Let not him that eats despise him that eats not; and let not him which eats not judge him that eats: for God has received him.
Job 22:26	For then shall you have your delight in the Almighty, and shall lift up your face to God.
Mark 10:38	But Jesus said to them, You know not what you ask: can you drink of the cup that I drink of? and be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with?
Song of Solomon 6:11	I went down into the garden of nuts to see the fruits of the valley, and to see whether the vine flourished and the pomegranates budded.
Colossians 2:17	Which are a shadow of things to come; but the body is of Christ.
Matthew 14:36	And sought him that they might only touch the hem of his garment: and as many as touched were made perfectly whole.
Proverbs 27:27	And you shall have goats’ milk enough for your food, for the food of your household, and for the maintenance for your maidens.
Mark 12:43	And he called to him his disciples, and said to them, Truly I say to you, That this poor widow has cast more in, than all they which have cast into the treasury:
Genesis 9:13	I do set my bow in the cloud, and it shall be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth.
Numbers 28:3	And you shall say to them, This is the offering made by fire which you shall offer to the LORD; two lambs of the first year without spot day by day, for a continual burnt offering.
1 Corinthians 14:15	What is it then? I will pray with the spirit, and I will pray with the understanding also: I will sing with the spirit, and I will sing with the understanding also.
Micah 5:10	And it shall come to pass in that day, said the LORD, that I will cut off your horses out of the middle of you, and I will destroy your chariots:
Jeremiah 51:63	And it shall be, when you have made an end of reading this book, that you shall bind a stone to it, and cast it into the middle of Euphrates:
Job 17:15	And where is now my hope? as for my hope, who shall see it?
Hosea 3:1	Then said the LORD to me, Go yet, love a woman beloved of her friend, yet an adulteress, according to the love of the LORD toward the children of Israel, who look to other gods, and love flagons of wine.
Mark 4:5	And some fell on stony ground, where it had not much earth; and immediately it sprang up, because it had no depth of earth:
Ezekiel 1:18	As for their rings, they were so high that they were dreadful; and their rings were full of eyes round about them four.
Leviticus 10:1	And Nadab and Abihu, the sons of Aaron, took either of them his censer, and put fire therein, and put incense thereon, and offered strange fire before the LORD, which he commanded them not.
Acts 4:11	This is the stone which was set at nothing of you builders, which is become the head of the corner.
2 Kings 19:14	And Hezekiah received the letter of the hand of the messengers, and read it: and Hezekiah went up into the house of the LORD, and spread it before the LORD.
Exodus 16:13	And it came to pass, that at even the quails came up, and covered the camp: and in the morning the dew lay round about the host.
2 Chronicles 18:33	And a certain man drew a bow at a venture, and smote the king of Israel between the joints of the harness: therefore he said to his chariot man, Turn your hand, that you may carry me out of the host; for I am wounded.
Ezekiel 44:29	They shall eat the meat offering, and the sin offering, and the trespass offering: and every dedicated thing in Israel shall be theirs.
Daniel 1:15	And at the end of ten days their countenances appeared fairer and fatter in flesh than all the children which did eat the portion of the king’s meat.
Jeremiah 7:30	For the children of Judah have done evil in my sight, said the LORD: they have set their abominations in the house which is called by my name, to pollute it.
Acts 5:10	Then fell she down straightway at his feet, and yielded up the ghost: and the young men came in, and found her dead, and, carrying her forth, buried her by her husband.
2 Kings 7:1	Then Elisha said, Hear you the word of the LORD; Thus said the LORD, To morrow about this time shall a measure of fine flour be sold for a shekel, and two measures of barley for a shekel, in the gate of Samaria.
Genesis 21:28	And Abraham set seven ewe lambs of the flock by themselves.
Numbers 11:8	And the people went about, and gathered it, and ground it in mills, or beat it in a mortar, and baked it in pans, and made cakes of it: and the taste of it was as the taste of fresh oil.
Numbers 2:14	Then the tribe of Gad: and the captain of the sons of Gad shall be Eliasaph the son of Reuel.
2 Samuel 20:2	So every man of Israel went up from after David, and followed Sheba the son of Bichri: but the men of Judah joined to their king, from Jordan even to Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 37:2	But neither he, nor his servants, nor the people of the land, did listen to the words of the LORD, which he spoke by the prophet Jeremiah.
Judges 11:11	Then Jephthah went with the elders of Gilead, and the people made him head and captain over them: and Jephthah uttered all his words before the LORD in Mizpeh.
Psalm 139:5	You have beset me behind and before, and laid your hand on me.
Matthew 25:5	While the bridegroom tarried, they all slumbered and slept.
Deuteronomy 29:13	That he may establish you to day for a people to himself, and that he may be to you a God, as he has said to you, and as he has sworn to your fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob.
Matthew 4:21	And going on from there, he saw other two brothers, James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother, in a ship with Zebedee their father, mending their nets; and he called them.
Job 36:16	Even so would he have removed you out of the strait into a broad place, where there is no narrow place; and that which should be set on your table should be full of fatness.
Psalm 105:19	Until the time that his word came: the word of the LORD tried him.
2 Corinthians 4:16	For which cause we faint not; but though our outward man perish, yet the inward man is renewed day by day.
Psalm 99:6	Moses and Aaron among his priests, and Samuel among them that call on his name; they called on the LORD, and he answered them.
Psalm 94:10	He that chastises the heathen, shall not he correct? he that teaches man knowledge, shall not he know?
Song of Solomon 3:4	It was but a little that I passed from them, but I found him whom my soul loves: I held him, and would not let him go, until I had brought him into my mother’s house, and into the chamber of her that conceived me.
Jeremiah 23:6	In his days Judah shall be saved, and Israel shall dwell safely: and this is his name whereby he shall be called, THE LORD OUR RIGHTEOUSNESS.
Mark 6:43	And they took up twelve baskets full of the fragments, and of the fishes.
Numbers 7:86	The golden spoons were twelve, full of incense, weighing ten shekels apiece, after the shekel of the sanctuary: all the gold of the spoons was an hundred and twenty shekels.
Nehemiah 11:28	And at Ziklag, and at Mekonah, and in the villages thereof,
Numbers 11:10	Then Moses heard the people weep throughout their families, every man in the door of his tent: and the anger of the LORD was kindled greatly; Moses also was displeased.
2 Samuel 12:24	And David comforted Bathsheba his wife, and went in to her, and lay with her: and she bore a son, and he called his name Solomon: and the LORD loved him.
Exodus 9:25	And the hail smote throughout all the land of Egypt all that was in the field, both man and beast; and the hail smote every herb of the field, and broke every tree of the field.
2 Samuel 12:19	But when David saw that his servants whispered, David perceived that the child was dead: therefore David said to his servants, Is the child dead? And they said, He is dead.
Psalm 38:5	My wounds stink and are corrupt because of my foolishness.
Colossians 2:1	For I would that you knew what great conflict I have for you, and for them at Laodicea, and for as many as have not seen my face in the flesh;
Luke 15:32	It was meet that we should make merry, and be glad: for this your brother was dead, and is alive again; and was lost, and is found.
Jeremiah 30:11	For I am with you, said the LORD, to save you: though I make a full end of all nations where I have scattered you, yet I will not make a full end of you: but I will correct you in measure, and will not leave you altogether unpunished.
Isaiah 22:7	And it shall come to pass, that your choicest valleys shall be full of chariots, and the horsemen shall set themselves in array at the gate.
Job 14:18	And surely the mountains falling comes to nothing, and the rock is removed out of his place.
Nehemiah 7:44	The singers: the children of Asaph, an hundred forty and eight.
Psalm 123:2	Behold, as the eyes of servants look to the hand of their masters, and as the eyes of a maiden to the hand of her mistress; so our eyes wait on the LORD our God, until that he have mercy on us.
2 Samuel 9:2	And there was of the house of Saul a servant whose name was Ziba. And when they had called him to David, the king said to him, Are you Ziba? And he said, Your servant is he.
Acts 2:13	Others mocking said, These men are full of new wine.
Exodus 26:28	And the middle bar in the middle of the boards shall reach from end to end.
Psalm 46:11	The LORD of hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our refuge. Selah.
Exodus 37:11	And he overlaid it with pure gold, and made thereunto a crown of gold round about.
John 7:40	Many of the people therefore, when they heard this saying, said, Of a truth this is the Prophet.
Job 11:2	Should not the multitude of words be answered? and should a man full of talk be justified?
Exodus 17:3	And the people thirsted there for water; and the people murmured against Moses, and said, Why is this that you have brought us up out of Egypt, to kill us and our children and our cattle with thirst?
2 Chronicles 7:22	And it shall be answered, Because they forsook the LORD God of their fathers, which brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, and laid hold on other gods, and worshipped them, and served them: therefore has he brought all this evil on them.
Isaiah 36:5	I say, say you, (but they are but vain words) I have counsel and strength for war: now on whom do you trust, that you rebel against me?
Ecclesiastes 6:3	If a man beget an hundred children, and live many years, so that the days of his years be many, and his soul be not filled with good, and also that he have no burial; I say, that an untimely birth is better than he.
Hosea 4:7	As they were increased, so they sinned against me: therefore will I change their glory into shame.
Numbers 9:14	And if a stranger shall sojourn among you, and will keep the passover to the LORD; according to the ordinance of the passover, and according to the manner thereof, so shall he do: you shall have one ordinance, both for the stranger, and for him that was born in the land.
Psalm 55:14	We took sweet counsel together, and walked to the house of God in company.
Deuteronomy 15:6	For the LORD your God blesses you, as he promised you: and you shall lend to many nations, but you shall not borrow; and you shall reign over many nations, but they shall not reign over you.
1 Samuel 23:29	And David went up from there, and dwelled in strong holds at Engedi.
Deuteronomy 19:2	You shall separate three cities for you in the middle of your land, which the LORD your God gives you to possess it.
Psalm 119:9	Wherewithal shall a young man cleanse his way? by taking heed thereto according to your word.
John 8:56	Your father Abraham rejoiced to see my day: and he saw it, and was glad.
Ezekiel 34:29	And I will raise up for them a plant of renown, and they shall be no more consumed with hunger in the land, neither bear the shame of the heathen any more.
Genesis 48:17	And when Joseph saw that his father laid his right hand on the head of Ephraim, it displeased him: and he held up his father’s hand, to remove it from Ephraim’s head to Manasseh’s head.
Leviticus 22:20	But whatever has a blemish, that shall you not offer: for it shall not be acceptable for you.
Genesis 18:32	And he said, Oh let not the LORD be angry, and I will speak yet but this once: Peradventure ten shall be found there. And he said, I will not destroy it for ten’s sake.
Luke 21:35	For as a snare shall it come on all them that dwell on the face of the whole earth.
Deuteronomy 27:4	Therefore it shall be when you be gone over Jordan, that you shall set up these stones, which I command you this day, in mount Ebal, and you shall plaster them with plaster.
2 Kings 10:2	Now as soon as this letter comes to you, seeing your master’s sons are with you, and there are with you chariots and horses, a fenced city also, and armor;
Judges 2:15	Wherever they went out, the hand of the LORD was against them for evil, as the LORD had said, and as the LORD had sworn to them: and they were greatly distressed.
Esther 4:15	Then Esther bade them return Mordecai this answer,
Leviticus 6:2	If a soul sin, and commit a trespass against the LORD, and lie to his neighbor in that which was delivered him to keep, or in fellowship, or in a thing taken away by violence, or has deceived his neighbor;
2 Samuel 23:10	He arose, and smote the Philistines until his hand was weary, and his hand stuck to the sword: and the LORD worked a great victory that day; and the people returned after him only to spoil.
Proverbs 28:10	Whoever causes the righteous to go astray in an evil way, he shall fall himself into his own pit: but the upright shall have good things in possession.
2 Samuel 17:2	And I will come on him while he is weary and weak handed, and will make him afraid: and all the people that are with him shall flee; and I will smite the king only:
Psalm 56:5	Every day they wrest my words: all their thoughts are against me for evil.
Lamentations 2:22	You have called as in a solemn day my terrors round about, so that in the day of the LORD’s anger none escaped nor remained: those that I have swaddled and brought up has my enemy consumed.
1 Kings 15:29	And it came to pass, when he reigned, that he smote all the house of Jeroboam; he left not to Jeroboam any that breathed, until he had destroyed him, according to the saying of the LORD, which he spoke by his servant Ahijah the Shilonite:
Numbers 33:31	And they departed from Moseroth, and pitched in Benejaakan.
Genesis 26:31	And they rose up betimes in the morning, and swore one to another: and Isaac sent them away, and they departed from him in peace.
Numbers 19:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses and to Aaron, saying,
Leviticus 14:41	And he shall cause the house to be scraped within round about, and they shall pour out the dust that they scrape off without the city into an unclean place:
Psalm 69:21	They gave me also gall for my meat; and in my thirst they gave me vinegar to drink.
Jeremiah 48:15	Moab is spoiled, and gone up out of her cities, and his chosen young men are gone down to the slaughter, said the King, whose name is the LORD of hosts.
Revelation 19:12	His eyes were as a flame of fire, and on his head were many crowns; and he had a name written, that no man knew, but he himself.
Ezekiel 8:10	So I went in and saw; and behold every form of creeping things, and abominable beasts, and all the idols of the house of Israel, portrayed on the wall round about.
Luke 12:26	If you then be not able to do that thing which is least, why take you thought for the rest?
Joshua 4:18	And it came to pass, when the priests that bore the ark of the covenant of the LORD were come up out of the middle of Jordan, and the soles of the priests’ feet were lifted up to the dry land, that the waters of Jordan returned to their place, and flowed over all his banks, as they did before.
Romans 8:6	For to be carnally minded is death; but to be spiritually minded is life and peace.
1 Kings 2:36	And the king sent and called for Shimei, and said to him, Build you an house in Jerusalem, and dwell there, and go not forth there any where.
Isaiah 38:22	Hezekiah also had said, What is the sign that I shall go up to the house of the LORD?
Exodus 33:15	And he said to him, If your presence go not with me, carry us not up hence.
Revelation 16:4	And the third angel poured out his vial on the rivers and fountains of waters; and they became blood.
Exodus 18:2	Then Jethro, Moses’ father in law, took Zipporah, Moses’ wife, after he had sent her back,
Judges 3:15	But when the children of Israel cried to the LORD, the LORD raised them up a deliverer, Ehud the son of Gera, a Benjamite, a man left handed: and by him the children of Israel sent a present to Eglon the king of Moab.
Daniel 12:2	And many of them that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake, some to everlasting life, and some to shame and everlasting contempt.
2 Chronicles 23:21	And all the people of the land rejoiced: and the city was quiet, after that they had slain Athaliah with the sword.
Psalm 104:26	There go the ships: there is that leviathan, whom you have made to play therein.
Jeremiah 27:21	Yes, thus said the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, concerning the vessels that remain in the house of the LORD, and in the house of the king of Judah and of Jerusalem;
2 Samuel 23:8	These be the names of the mighty men whom David had: The Tachmonite that sat in the seat, chief among the captains; the same was Adino the Eznite: he lift up his spear against eight hundred, whom he slew at one time.
Acts 14:5	And when there was an assault made both of the Gentiles, and also of the Jews with their rulers, to use them spitefully, and to stone them,
Micah 3:4	Then shall they cry to the LORD, but he will not hear them: he will even hide his face from them at that time, as they have behaved themselves ill in their doings.
Acts 13:7	Which was with the deputy of the country, Sergius Paulus, a prudent man; who called for Barnabas and Saul, and desired to hear the word of God.
Mark 14:15	And he will show you a large upper room furnished and prepared: there make ready for us.
Isaiah 60:15	Whereas you has been forsaken and hated, so that no man went through you, I will make you an eternal excellency, a joy of many generations.
Deuteronomy 10:6	And the children of Israel took their journey from Beeroth of the children of Jaakan to Mosera: there Aaron died, and there he was buried; and Eleazar his son ministered in the priest’s office in his stead.
Deuteronomy 14:20	But of all clean fowls you may eat.
Genesis 29:24	And Laban gave to his daughter Leah Zilpah his maid for an handmaid.
Hebrews 6:9	But, beloved, we are persuaded better things of you, and things that accompany salvation, though we thus speak.
2 Kings 21:22	And he forsook the LORD God of his fathers, and walked not in the way of the LORD.
Hebrews 7:26	For such an high priest became us, who is holy, harmless, undefiled, separate from sinners, and made higher than the heavens;
Ephesians 2:18	For through him we both have access by one Spirit to the Father.
1 Thessalonians 5:27	I charge you by the Lord that this letter be read to all the holy brothers.
Hebrews 11:20	By faith Isaac blessed Jacob and Esau concerning things to come.
Psalm 9:18	For the needy shall not always be forgotten: the expectation of the poor shall not perish for ever.
1 Chronicles 5:25	And they transgressed against the God of their fathers, and went a whoring after the gods of the people of the land, whom God destroyed before them.
Exodus 40:15	And you shall anoint them, as you did anoint their father, that they may minister to me in the priest’s office: for their anointing shall surely be an everlasting priesthood throughout their generations.
Lamentations 1:17	Zion spreads forth her hands, and there is none to comfort her: the LORD has commanded concerning Jacob, that his adversaries should be round about him: Jerusalem is as a menstruous woman among them.
Mark 9:2	And after six days Jesus takes with him Peter, and James, and John, and leads them up into an high mountain apart by themselves: and he was transfigured before them.
John 11:25	Jesus said to her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believes in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live:
Judges 11:3	Then Jephthah fled from his brothers, and dwelled in the land of Tob: and there were gathered vain men to Jephthah, and went out with him.
Ezekiel 27:25	The ships of Tarshish did sing of you in your market: and you were replenished, and made very glorious in the middle of the seas.
Jeremiah 52:10	And the king of Babylon slew the sons of Zedekiah before his eyes: he slew also all the princes of Judah in Riblah.
Exodus 36:9	The length of one curtain was twenty and eight cubits, and the breadth of one curtain four cubits: the curtains were all of one size.
Nehemiah 7:47	The children of Keros, the children of Sia, the children of Padon,
2 Kings 2:15	And when the sons of the prophets which were to view at Jericho saw him, they said, The spirit of Elijah does rest on Elisha. And they came to meet him, and bowed themselves to the ground before him.
Psalm 44:3	For they got not the land in possession by their own sword, neither did their own arm save them: but your right hand, and your arm, and the light of your countenance, because you had a favor to them.
Leviticus 22:27	When a bullock, or a sheep, or a goat, is brought forth, then it shall be seven days under the dam; and from the eighth day and thereafter it shall be accepted for an offering made by fire to the LORD.
1 Peter 3:9	Not rendering evil for evil, or railing for railing: but contrariwise blessing; knowing that you are thereunto called, that you should inherit a blessing.
1 Kings 2:28	Then tidings came to Joab: for Joab had turned after Adonijah, though he turned not after Absalom. And Joab fled to the tabernacle of the LORD, and caught hold on the horns of the altar.
Malachi 2:1	And now, O you priests, this commandment is for you.
1 Kings 22:48	Jehoshaphat made ships of Tharshish to go to Ophir for gold: but they went not; for the ships were broken at Eziongeber.
Ezekiel 38:19	For in my jealousy and in the fire of my wrath have I spoken, Surely in that day there shall be a great shaking in the land of Israel;
Hebrews 10:8	Above when he said, Sacrifice and offering and burnt offerings and offering for sin you would not, neither had pleasure therein; which are offered by the law;
2 Chronicles 31:8	And when Hezekiah and the princes came and saw the heaps, they blessed the LORD, and his people Israel.
Acts 20:27	For I have not shunned to declare to you all the counsel of God.
Leviticus 13:28	And if the bright spot stay in his place, and spread not in the skin, but it be somewhat dark; it is a rising of the burning, and the priest shall pronounce him clean: for it is an inflammation of the burning.
Genesis 27:21	And Isaac said to Jacob, Come near, I pray you, that I may feel you, my son, whether you be my very son Esau or not.
Psalm 119:88	Quicken me after your loving kindness; so shall I keep the testimony of your mouth.
Genesis 31:30	And now, though you would needs be gone, because you sore longed after your father’s house, yet why have you stolen my gods?
Jeremiah 32:43	And fields shall be bought in this land, whereof you say, It is desolate without man or beast; it is given into the hand of the Chaldeans.
Psalm 38:19	But my enemies are lively, and they are strong: and they that hate me wrongfully are multiplied.
Jeremiah 3:10	And yet for all this her treacherous sister Judah has not turned to me with her whole heart, but feignedly, said the LORD.
Hebrews 13:15	By him therefore let us offer the sacrifice of praise to God continually, that is, the fruit of our lips giving thanks to his name.
Luke 9:19	They answering said, John the Baptist; but some say, Elias; and others say, that one of the old prophets is risen again.
Psalm 145:8	The LORD is gracious, and full of compassion; slow to anger, and of great mercy.
Numbers 10:36	And when it rested, he said, Return, O LORD, to the many thousands of Israel.
Luke 17:19	And he said to him, Arise, go your way: your faith has made you whole.
Ezekiel 10:10	And as for their appearances, they four had one likeness, as if a wheel had been in the middle of a wheel.
Exodus 27:10	And the twenty pillars thereof and their twenty sockets shall be of brass; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets shall be of silver.
Leviticus 22:22	Blind, or broken, or maimed, or having a running sore, or scurvy, or scabbed, you shall not offer these to the LORD, nor make an offering by fire of them on the altar to the LORD.
1 Samuel 8:1	And it came to pass, when Samuel was old, that he made his sons judges over Israel.
Galatians 4:25	For this Agar is mount Sinai in Arabia, and answers to Jerusalem which now is, and is in bondage with her children.
1 Chronicles 4:35	And Joel, and Jehu the son of Josibiah, the son of Seraiah, the son of Asiel,
1 Samuel 19:6	And Saul listened to the voice of Jonathan: and Saul swore, As the LORD lives, he shall not be slain.
Song of Solomon 5:16	His mouth is most sweet: yes, he is altogether lovely. This is my beloved, and this is my friend, O daughters of Jerusalem.
Proverbs 21:9	It is better to dwell in a corner of the housetop, than with a brawling woman in a wide house.
Mark 5:41	And he took the damsel by the hand, and said to her, Talitha cumi; which is, being interpreted, Damsel, I say to you, arise.
Ecclesiastes 2:25	For who can eat, or who else can hasten hereunto, more than I?
Philippians 4:19	But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.
Mark 6:34	And Jesus, when he came out, saw much people, and was moved with compassion toward them, because they were as sheep not having a shepherd: and he began to teach them many things.
Psalm 119:7	I will praise you with uprightness of heart, when I shall have learned your righteous judgments.
Psalm 60:10	Will not you, O God, which had cast us off? and you, O God, which did not go out with our armies?
Job 37:6	For he said to the snow, Be you on the earth; likewise to the small rain, and to the great rain of his strength.
Job 39:18	What time she lifts up herself on high, she scorns the horse and his rider.
Leviticus 6:15	And he shall take of it his handful, of the flour of the meat offering, and of the oil thereof, and all the frankincense which is on the meat offering, and shall burn it on the altar for a sweet smell, even the memorial of it, to the LORD.
Genesis 37:30	And he returned to his brothers, and said, The child is not; and I, where shall I go?
Romans 16:1	I commend to you Phebe our sister, which is a servant of the church which is at Cenchrea:
Judges 13:20	For it came to pass, when the flame went up toward heaven from off the altar, that the angel of the LORD ascended in the flame of the altar. And Manoah and his wife looked on it, and fell on their faces to the ground.
1 Samuel 14:39	For, as the LORD lives, which saves Israel, though it be in Jonathan my son, he shall surely die. But there was not a man among all the people that answered him.
2 Chronicles 29:4	And he brought in the priests and the Levites, and gathered them together into the east street,
Jeremiah 31:27	Behold, the days come, said the LORD, that I will sow the house of Israel and the house of Judah with the seed of man, and with the seed of beast.
Deuteronomy 1:44	And the Amorites, which dwelled in that mountain, came out against you, and chased you, as bees do, and destroyed you in Seir, even to Hormah.
Deuteronomy 5:21	Neither shall you desire your neighbor’s wife, neither shall you covet your neighbor’s house, his field, or his manservant, or his maidservant, his ox, or his ass, or any thing that is your neighbor’s.
Acts 22:24	The chief captain commanded him to be brought into the castle, and bade that he should be examined by scourging; that he might know why they cried so against him.
Proverbs 11:17	The merciful man does good to his own soul: but he that is cruel troubles his own flesh.
Numbers 7:13	And his offering was one silver charger, the weight thereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them were full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:
Exodus 9:21	And he that regarded not the word of the LORD left his servants and his cattle in the field.
Revelation 14:3	And they sung as it were a new song before the throne, and before the four beasts, and the elders: and no man could learn that song but the hundred and forty and four thousand, which were redeemed from the earth.
2 Thessalonians 3:18	The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Exodus 2:10	And the child grew, and she brought him to Pharaoh’s daughter, and he became her son. And she called his name Moses: and she said, Because I drew him out of the water.
Numbers 26:52	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Jeremiah 49:18	As in the overthrow of Sodom and Gomorrah and the neighbor cities thereof, said the LORD, no man shall abide there, neither shall a son of man dwell in it.
Job 27:21	The east wind carries him away, and he departs: and as a storm hurles him out of his place.
1 Chronicles 19:9	And the children of Ammon came out, and put the battle in array before the gate of the city: and the kings that were come were by themselves in the field.
Numbers 35:29	So these things shall be for a statute of judgment to you throughout your generations in all your dwellings.
Genesis 10:3	And the sons of Gomer; Ashkenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah.
Mark 4:3	Listen; Behold, there went out a sower to sow:
Proverbs 3:19	The LORD by wisdom has founded the earth; by understanding has he established the heavens.
1 Kings 21:9	And she wrote in the letters, saying, Proclaim a fast, and set Naboth on high among the people:
Romans 1:18	For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men, who hold the truth in unrighteousness;
Numbers 10:19	And over the host of the tribe of the children of Simeon was Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai.
Isaiah 29:17	Is it not yet a very little while, and Lebanon shall be turned into a fruitful field, and the fruitful field shall be esteemed as a forest?
Ezekiel 21:7	And it shall be, when they say to you, Why sigh you? that you shall answer, For the tidings; because it comes: and every heart shall melt, and all hands shall be feeble, and every spirit shall faint, and all knees shall be weak as water: behold, it comes, and shall be brought to pass, said the Lord GOD.
2 Kings 9:31	And as Jehu entered in at the gate, she said, Had Zimri peace, who slew his master?
Matthew 3:3	For this is he that was spoken of by the prophet Esaias, saying, The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare you the way of the Lord, make his paths straight.
Exodus 21:32	If the ox shall push a manservant or a maidservant; he shall give to their master thirty shekels of silver, and the ox shall be stoned.
Proverbs 11:5	The righteousness of the perfect shall direct his way: but the wicked shall fall by his own wickedness.
Job 21:34	How then comfort you me in vain, seeing in your answers there remains falsehood?
1 Chronicles 18:8	Likewise from Tibhath, and from Chun, cities of Hadarezer, brought David very much brass, with which Solomon made the brazen sea, and the pillars, and the vessels of brass.
Habakkuk 3:2	O LORD, I have heard your speech, and was afraid: O LORD, revive your work in the middle of the years, in the middle of the years make known; in wrath remember mercy.
James 1:2	My brothers, count it all joy when you fall into divers temptations;
Jeremiah 49:34	The word of the LORD that came to Jeremiah the prophet against Elam in the beginning of the reign of Zedekiah king of Judah, saying,
Ezekiel 27:27	Your riches, and your fairs, your merchandise, your mariners, and your pilots, your caulkers, and the occupiers of your merchandise, and all your men of war, that are in you, and in all your company which is in the middle of you, shall fall into the middle of the seas in the day of your ruin.
1 Kings 16:11	And it came to pass, when he began to reign, as soon as he sat on his throne, that he slew all the house of Baasha: he left him not one that urinates against a wall, neither of his kinfolks, nor of his friends.
Hosea 13:3	Therefore they shall be as the morning cloud and as the early dew that passes away, as the chaff that is driven with the whirlwind out of the floor, and as the smoke out of the chimney.
1 Samuel 16:17	And Saul said to his servants, Provide me now a man that can play well, and bring him to me.
Job 6:26	Do you imagine to reprove words, and the speeches of one that is desperate, which are as wind?
Isaiah 28:16	Therefore thus said the Lord GOD, Behold, I lay in Zion for a foundation a stone, a tried stone, a precious corner stone, a sure foundation: he that believes shall not make haste.
Lamentations 5:17	For this our heart is faint; for these things our eyes are dim.
Ezekiel 40:32	And he brought me into the inner court toward the east: and he measured the gate according to these measures.
Proverbs 11:14	Where no counsel is, the people fall: but in the multitude of counsellors there is safety.
2 John 1:11	For he that bids him God speed is partaker of his evil deeds.
Psalm 94:3	LORD, how long shall the wicked, how long shall the wicked triumph?
Deuteronomy 7:15	And the LORD will take away from you all sickness, and will put none of the evil diseases of Egypt, which you know, on you; but will lay them on all them that hate you.
1 Kings 22:42	Jehoshaphat was thirty and five years old when he began to reign; and he reigned twenty and five years in Jerusalem. And his mother’s name was Azubah the daughter of Shilhi.
1 Samuel 14:52	And there was sore war against the Philistines all the days of Saul: and when Saul saw any strong man, or any valiant man, he took him to him.
Psalm 104:10	He sends the springs into the valleys, which run among the hills.
Deuteronomy 26:5	And you shall speak and say before the LORD your God, A Syrian ready to perish was my father, and he went down into Egypt, and sojourned there with a few, and became there a nation, great, mighty, and populous:
Isaiah 28:6	And for a spirit of judgment to him that sits in judgment, and for strength to them that turn the battle to the gate.
Matthew 21:9	And the multitudes that went before, and that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna to the son of David: Blessed is he that comes in the name of the Lord; Hosanna in the highest.
2 Chronicles 25:8	But if you will go, do it; be strong for the battle: God shall make you fall before the enemy: for God has power to help, and to cast down.
Ephesians 5:8	For you were sometimes darkness, but now are you light in the Lord: walk as children of light:
Genesis 5:27	And all the days of Methuselah were nine hundred sixty and nine years: and he died.
Ezekiel 38:13	Sheba, and Dedan, and the merchants of Tarshish, with all the young lions thereof, shall say to you, Are you come to take a spoil? have you gathered your company to take a prey? to carry away silver and gold, to take away cattle and goods, to take a great spoil?
Luke 14:32	Or else, while the other is yet a great way off, he sends an ambassador, and desires conditions of peace.
Numbers 9:19	And when the cloud tarried long on the tabernacle many days, then the children of Israel kept the charge of the LORD, and journeyed not.
Micah 1:2	Hear, all you people; listen, O earth, and all that therein is: and let the Lord GOD be witness against you, the LORD from his holy temple.
Revelation 13:11	And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth; and he had two horns like a lamb, and he spoke as a dragon.
Genesis 38:11	Then said Judah to Tamar his daughter in law, Remain a widow at your father’s house, till Shelah my son be grown: for he said, Lest peradventure he die also, as his brothers did. And Tamar went and dwelled in her father’s house.
1 Chronicles 26:9	And Meshelemiah had sons and brothers, strong men, eighteen.
Hosea 13:5	I did know you in the wilderness, in the land of great drought.
Joshua 21:9	And they gave out of the tribe of the children of Judah, and out of the tribe of the children of Simeon, these cities which are here mentioned by name.
Psalm 138:7	Though I walk in the middle of trouble, you will revive me: you shall stretch forth your hand against the wrath of my enemies, and your right hand shall save me.
Leviticus 13:31	And if the priest look on the plague of the scale, and, behold, it be not in sight deeper than the skin, and that there is no black hair in it; then the priest shall shut up him that has the plague of the scale seven days:
Jeremiah 40:12	Even all the Jews returned out of all places where they were driven, and came to the land of Judah, to Gedaliah, to Mizpah, and gathered wine and summer fruits very much.
2 Chronicles 5:10	There was nothing in the ark save the two tables which Moses put therein at Horeb, when the LORD made a covenant with the children of Israel, when they came out of Egypt.
Mark 2:2	And straightway many were gathered together, so that there was no room to receive them, no, not so much as about the door: and he preached the word to them.
Nehemiah 2:7	Moreover I said to the king, If it please the king, let letters be given me to the governors beyond the river, that they may convey me over till I come into Judah;
Daniel 1:8	But Daniel purposed in his heart that he would not defile himself with the portion of the king’s meat, nor with the wine which he drank: therefore he requested of the prince of the eunuchs that he might not defile himself.
Jeremiah 14:14	Then the LORD said to me, The prophets prophesy lies in my name: I sent them not, neither have I commanded them, neither spoke to them: they prophesy to you a false vision and divination, and a thing of nothing, and the deceit of their heart.
Acts 5:18	And laid their hands on the apostles, and put them in the common prison.
Romans 5:2	By whom also we have access by faith into this grace wherein we stand, and rejoice in hope of the glory of God.
Ezekiel 1:15	Now as I beheld the living creatures, behold one wheel on the earth by the living creatures, with his four faces.
Isaiah 5:15	And the mean man shall be brought down, and the mighty man shall be humbled, and the eyes of the lofty shall be humbled:
Psalm 119:53	Horror has taken hold on me because of the wicked that forsake your law.
1 Kings 22:41	And Jehoshaphat the son of Asa began to reign over Judah in the fourth year of Ahab king of Israel.
Genesis 37:4	And when his brothers saw that their father loved him more than all his brothers, they hated him, and could not speak peaceably to him.
2 Chronicles 32:29	Moreover he provided him cities, and possessions of flocks and herds in abundance: for God had given him substance very much.
Zechariah 14:20	In that day shall there be on the bells of the horses, HOLINESS UNTO THE LORD; and the pots in the LORD’s house shall be like the bowls before the altar.
Exodus 23:26	There shall nothing cast their young, nor be barren, in your land: the number of your days I will fulfill.
1 Samuel 24:17	And he said to David, You are more righteous than I: for you have rewarded me good, whereas I have rewarded you evil.
1 Peter 1:20	Who truly was foreordained before the foundation of the world, but was manifest in these last times for you,
Luke 8:18	Take heed therefore how you hear: for whoever has, to him shall be given; and whoever has not, from him shall be taken even that which he seems to have.
Exodus 21:14	But if a man come presumptuously on his neighbor, to slay him with guile; you shall take him from my altar, that he may die.
Exodus 39:32	Thus was all the work of the tabernacle of the tent of the congregation finished: and the children of Israel did according to all that the LORD commanded Moses, so did they.
Psalm 102:2	Hide not your face from me in the day when I am in trouble; incline your ear to me: in the day when I call answer me speedily.
Job 12:14	Behold, he breaks down, and it cannot be built again: he shuts up a man, and there can be no opening.
Exodus 5:16	There is no straw given to your servants, and they say to us, Make brick: and, behold, your servants are beaten; but the fault is in your own people.
2 Kings 6:7	Therefore said he, Take it up to you. And he put out his hand, and took it.
Nehemiah 7:19	The children of Bigvai, two thousand three score and seven.
2 Chronicles 28:19	For the LORD brought Judah low because of Ahaz king of Israel; for he made Judah naked, and transgressed sore against the LORD.
Exodus 27:3	And you shall make his pans to receive his ashes, and his shovels, and his basins, and his meat hooks, and his fire pans: all the vessels thereof you shall make of brass.
Ezra 2:35	The children of Senaah, three thousand and six hundred and thirty.
Leviticus 26:30	And I will destroy your high places, and cut down your images, and cast your carcasses on the carcasses of your idols, and my soul shall abhor you.
Isaiah 52:5	Now therefore, what have I here, said the LORD, that my people is taken away for nothing? they that rule over them make them to howl, said the LORD; and my name continually every day is blasphemed.
2 Samuel 12:26	And Joab fought against Rabbah of the children of Ammon, and took the royal city.
Matthew 28:19	Go you therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost:
Esther 8:11	Wherein the king granted the Jews which were in every city to gather themselves together, and to stand for their life, to destroy, to slay and to cause to perish, all the power of the people and province that would assault them, both little ones and women, and to take the spoil of them for a prey,
Matthew 4:25	And there followed him great multitudes of people from Galilee, and from Decapolis, and from Jerusalem, and from Judaea, and from beyond Jordan.
Numbers 21:24	And Israel smote him with the edge of the sword, and possessed his land from Arnon to Jabbok, even to the children of Ammon: for the border of the children of Ammon was strong.
Acts 20:24	But none of these things move me, neither count I my life dear to myself, so that I might finish my course with joy, and the ministry, which I have received of the Lord Jesus, to testify the gospel of the grace of God.
Ecclesiastes 9:1	For all this I considered in my heart even to declare all this, that the righteous, and the wise, and their works, are in the hand of God: no man knows either love or hatred by all that is before them.
Isaiah 44:27	That said to the deep, Be dry, and I will dry up your rivers:
1 Chronicles 18:14	So David reigned over all Israel, and executed judgment and justice among all his people.
Luke 24:29	But they constrained him, saying, Abide with us: for it is toward evening, and the day is far spent. And he went in to tarry with them.
Joshua 6:19	But all the silver, and gold, and vessels of brass and iron, are consecrated to the LORD: they shall come into the treasury of the LORD.
Jeremiah 21:13	Behold, I am against you, O inhabitant of the valley, and rock of the plain, said the LORD; which say, Who shall come down against us? or who shall enter into our habitations?
Numbers 17:13	Whoever comes any thing near to the tabernacle of the LORD shall die: shall we be consumed with dying?
Mark 14:65	And some began to spit on him, and to cover his face, and to buffet him, and to say to him, Prophesy: and the servants did strike him with the palms of their hands.
Luke 9:14	For they were about five thousand men. And he said to his disciples, Make them sit down by fifties in a company.
Psalm 29:7	The voice of the LORD divides the flames of fire.
Genesis 11:24	And Nahor lived nine and twenty years, and begat Terah:
Jeremiah 43:2	Then spoke Azariah the son of Hoshaiah, and Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the proud men, saying to Jeremiah, You speak falsely: the LORD our God has not sent you to say, Go not into Egypt to sojourn there:
Leviticus 14:47	And he that lies in the house shall wash his clothes; and he that eats in the house shall wash his clothes.
Ezra 7:21	And I, even I Artaxerxes the king, do make a decree to all the treasurers which are beyond the river, that whatever Ezra the priest, the scribe of the law of the God of heaven, shall require of you, it be done speedily,
Exodus 26:30	And you shall raise up the tabernacle according to the fashion thereof which was showed you in the mount.
Galatians 4:19	My little children, of whom I travail in birth again until Christ be formed in you,
Galatians 3:4	Have you suffered so many things in vain? if it be yet in vain.
John 19:1	Then Pilate therefore took Jesus, and scourged him.
Revelation 14:5	And in their mouth was found no guile: for they are without fault before the throne of God.
Leviticus 22:3	Say to them, Whoever he be of all your seed among your generations, that goes to the holy things, which the children of Israel hallow to the LORD, having his uncleanness on him, that soul shall be cut off from my presence: I am the LORD.
2 Samuel 1:15	And David called one of the young men, and said, Go near, and fall on him. And he smote him that he died.
1 Samuel 28:19	Moreover the LORD will also deliver Israel with you into the hand of the Philistines: and to morrow shall you and your sons be with me: the LORD also shall deliver the host of Israel into the hand of the Philistines.
Leviticus 4:17	And the priest shall dip his finger in some of the blood, and sprinkle it seven times before the LORD, even before the veil.
Mark 11:8	And many spread their garments in the way: and others cut down branches off the trees, and strewed them in the way.
Isaiah 3:26	And her gates shall lament and mourn; and she being desolate shall sit on the ground.
Isaiah 1:21	How is the faithful city become an harlot! it was full of judgment; righteousness lodged in it; but now murderers.
Job 36:13	But the hypocrites in heart heap up wrath: they cry not when he binds them.
Revelation 18:22	And the voice of harpers, and musicians, and of pipers, and trumpeters, shall be heard no more at all in you; and no craftsman, of whatever craft he be, shall be found any more in you; and the sound of a millstone shall be heard no more at all in you;
Ezekiel 34:25	And I will make with them a covenant of peace, and will cause the evil beasts to cease out of the land: and they shall dwell safely in the wilderness, and sleep in the woods.
Genesis 16:16	And Abram was fourscore and six years old, when Hagar bore Ishmael to Abram.
Deuteronomy 2:37	Only to the land of the children of Ammon you came not, nor to any place of the river Jabbok, nor to the cities in the mountains, nor to whatever the LORD our God forbade us.
Psalm 134:1	Behold, bless you the LORD, all you servants of the LORD, which by night stand in the house of the LORD.
Daniel 6:21	Then said Daniel to the king, O king, live for ever.
John 10:12	But he that is an hireling, and not the shepherd, whose own the sheep are not, sees the wolf coming, and leaves the sheep, and flees: and the wolf catches them, and scatters the sheep.
John 2:13	And the Jews’ passover was at hand, and Jesus went up to Jerusalem.
Acts 4:30	By stretching forth your hand to heal; and that signs and wonders may be done by the name of your holy child Jesus.
Ezekiel 10:21	Every one had four faces apiece, and every one four wings; and the likeness of the hands of a man was under their wings.
Matthew 14:22	And straightway Jesus constrained his disciples to get into a ship, and to go before him to the other side, while he sent the multitudes away.
Nehemiah 13:14	Remember me, O my God, concerning this, and wipe not out my good deeds that I have done for the house of my God, and for the offices thereof.
Ezekiel 14:22	Yet, behold, therein shall be left a remnant that shall be brought forth, both sons and daughters: behold, they shall come forth to you, and you shall see their way and their doings: and you shall be comforted concerning the evil that I have brought on Jerusalem, even concerning all that I have brought on it.
Leviticus 16:9	And Aaron shall bring the goat on which the LORD’s lot fell, and offer him for a sin offering.
Hebrews 12:7	If you endure chastening, God deals with you as with sons; for what son is he whom the father chastens not?
1 Peter 5:13	The church that is at Babylon, elected together with you, salutes you; and so does Marcus my son.
Luke 8:47	And when the woman saw that she was not hid, she came trembling, and falling down before him, she declared to him before all the people for what cause she had touched him, and how she was healed immediately.
Psalm 78:60	So that he forsook the tabernacle of Shiloh, the tent which he placed among men;
Hosea 8:1	Set the trumpet to your mouth. He shall come as an eagle against the house of the LORD, because they have transgressed my covenant, and trespassed against my law.
Psalm 37:37	Mark the perfect man, and behold the upright: for the end of that man is peace.
Acts 25:26	Of whom I have no certain thing to write to my lord. Why I have brought him forth before you, and specially before you, O king Agrippa, that, after examination had, I might have somewhat to write.
Romans 7:25	I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord. So then with the mind I myself serve the law of God; but with the flesh the law of sin.
Isaiah 30:24	The oxen likewise and the young asses that ear the ground shall eat clean provender, which has been winnowed with the shovel and with the fan.
Genesis 7:11	In the six hundredth year of Noah’s life, in the second month, the seventeenth day of the month, the same day were all the fountains of the great deep broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened.
2 Kings 17:23	Until the LORD removed Israel out of his sight, as he had said by all his servants the prophets. So was Israel carried away out of their own land to Assyria to this day.
Ezekiel 16:33	They give gifts to all whores: but you give your gifts to all your lovers, and hire them, that they may come to you on every side for your prostitution.
1 Corinthians 15:4	And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures:
Genesis 39:11	And it came to pass about this time, that Joseph went into the house to do his business; and there was none of the men of the house there within.
Psalm 31:7	I will be glad and rejoice in your mercy: for you have considered my trouble; you have known my soul in adversities;
Matthew 26:4	And consulted that they might take Jesus by subtlety, and kill him.
Jeremiah 13:2	So I got a girdle according to the word of the LORD, and put it on my loins.
Jeremiah 33:20	Thus said the LORD; If you can break my covenant of the day, and my covenant of the night, and that there should not be day and night in their season;
Luke 4:26	But to none of them was Elias sent, save to Sarepta, a city of Sidon, to a woman that was a widow.
Leviticus 16:10	But the goat, on which the lot fell to be the scapegoat, shall be presented alive before the LORD, to make an atonement with him, and to let him go for a scapegoat into the wilderness.
Exodus 32:5	And when Aaron saw it, he built an altar before it; and Aaron made proclamation, and said, To morrow is a feast to the LORD.
Psalm 78:26	He caused an east wind to blow in the heaven: and by his power he brought in the south wind.
Matthew 21:34	And when the time of the fruit drew near, he sent his servants to the farmers, that they might receive the fruits of it.
Isaiah 10:12	Why it shall come to pass, that when the Lord has performed his whole work on mount Zion and on Jerusalem, I will punish the fruit of the stout heart of the king of Assyria, and the glory of his high looks.
2 Chronicles 31:14	And Kore the son of Imnah the Levite, the porter toward the east, was over the freewill offerings of God, to distribute the oblations of the LORD, and the most holy things.
Isaiah 2:15	And on every high tower, and on every fenced wall,
Mark 10:1	And he arose from there, and comes into the coasts of Judaea by the farther side of Jordan: and the people resort to him again; and, as he was wont, he taught them again.
Genesis 14:12	And they took Lot, Abram’s brother’s son, who dwelled in Sodom, and his goods, and departed.
Daniel 9:22	And he informed me, and talked with me, and said, O Daniel, I am now come forth to give you skill and understanding.
2 Kings 19:19	Now therefore, O LORD our God, I beseech you, save you us out of his hand, that all the kingdoms of the earth may know that you are the LORD God, even you only.
1 Kings 13:17	For it was said to me by the word of the LORD, You shall eat no bread nor drink water there, nor turn again to go by the way that you came.
Psalm 78:33	Therefore their days did he consume in vanity, and their years in trouble.
Job 19:13	He has put my brothers far from me, and my acquaintance are truly estranged from me.
Genesis 28:11	And he lighted on a certain place, and tarried there all night, because the sun was set; and he took of the stones of that place, and put them for his pillows, and lay down in that place to sleep.
Deuteronomy 22:26	But to the damsel you shall do nothing; there is in the damsel no sin worthy of death: for as when a man rises against his neighbor, and slays him, even so is this matter:
Luke 6:1	And it came to pass on the second sabbath after the first, that he went through the corn fields; and his disciples plucked the ears of corn, and did eat, rubbing them in their hands.
Jeremiah 30:15	Why cry you for your affliction? your sorrow is incurable for the multitude of your iniquity: because your sins were increased, I have done these things to you.
2 Kings 17:21	For he rent Israel from the house of David; and they made Jeroboam the son of Nebat king: and Jeroboam drove Israel from following the LORD, and made them sin a great sin.
Acts 11:27	And in these days came prophets from Jerusalem to Antioch.
Genesis 46:20	And to Joseph in the land of Egypt were born Manasseh and Ephraim, which Asenath the daughter of Potipherah priest of On bore to him.
Joshua 13:6	All the inhabitants of the hill country from Lebanon to Misrephothmaim, and all the Sidonians, them will I drive out from before the children of Israel: only divide you it by lot to the Israelites for an inheritance, as I have commanded you.
1 Peter 3:22	Who is gone into heaven, and is on the right hand of God; angels and authorities and powers being made subject to him.
Psalm 37:13	The LORD shall laugh at him: for he sees that his day is coming.
Zechariah 5:9	Then lifted I up my eyes, and looked, and, behold, there came out two women, and the wind was in their wings; for they had wings like the wings of a stork: and they lifted up the ephah between the earth and the heaven.
Hosea 13:12	The iniquity of Ephraim is bound up; his sin is hid.
2 Chronicles 32:25	But Hezekiah rendered not again according to the benefit done to him; for his heart was lifted up: therefore there was wrath on him, and on Judah and Jerusalem.
Psalm 99:2	The LORD is great in Zion; and he is high above all the people.
Luke 10:14	But it shall be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon at the judgment, than for you.
John 15:5	I am the vine, you are the branches: He that stays in me, and I in him, the same brings forth much fruit: for without me you can do nothing.
Exodus 6:29	That the LORD spoke to Moses, saying, I am the LORD: speak you to Pharaoh king of Egypt all that I say to you.
2 Kings 15:23	In the fiftieth year of Azariah king of Judah Pekahiah the son of Menahem began to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned two years.
Job 7:16	I loathe it; I would not live always: let me alone; for my days are vanity.
Numbers 18:4	And they shall be joined to you, and keep the charge of the tabernacle of the congregation, for all the service of the tabernacle: and a stranger shall not come near to you.
Luke 7:11	And it came to pass the day after, that he went into a city called Nain; and many of his disciples went with him, and much people.
Matthew 27:32	And as they came out, they found a man of Cyrene, Simon by name: him they compelled to bear his cross.
Leviticus 17:13	And whatever man there be of the children of Israel, or of the strangers that sojourn among you, which hunts and catches any beast or fowl that may be eaten; he shall even pour out the blood thereof, and cover it with dust.
Joel 1:1	The word of the LORD that came to Joel the son of Pethuel.
Deuteronomy 25:7	And if the man like not to take his brother’s wife, then let his brother’s wife go up to the gate to the elders, and say, My husband’s brother refuses to raise up to his brother a name in Israel, he will not perform the duty of my husband’s brother.
Acts 4:17	But that it spread no further among the people, let us straightly threaten them, that they speak from now on to no man in this name.
Luke 19:3	And he sought to see Jesus who he was; and could not for the press, because he was little of stature.
Jeremiah 3:19	But I said, How shall I put you among the children, and give you a pleasant land, a goodly heritage of the hosts of nations? and I said, You shall call me, My father; and shall not turn away from me.
Daniel 4:36	At the same time my reason returned to me; and for the glory of my kingdom, my honor and brightness returned to me; and my counsellors and my lords sought to me; and I was established in my kingdom, and excellent majesty was added to me.
Deuteronomy 9:19	For I was afraid of the anger and hot displeasure, with which the LORD was wroth against you to destroy you. But the LORD listened to me at that time also.
Psalm 96:6	Honor and majesty are before him: strength and beauty are in his sanctuary.
Jeremiah 37:11	And it came to pass, that when the army of the Chaldeans was broken up from Jerusalem for fear of Pharaoh’s army,
Luke 4:1	And Jesus being full of the Holy Ghost returned from Jordan, and was led by the Spirit into the wilderness,
1 Samuel 17:9	If he be able to fight with me, and to kill me, then will we be your servants: but if I prevail against him, and kill him, then shall you be our servants, and serve us.
Acts 17:10	And the brothers immediately sent away Paul and Silas by night to Berea: who coming thither went into the synagogue of the Jews.
2 Samuel 24:24	And the king said to Araunah, No; but I will surely buy it of you at a price: neither will I offer burnt offerings to the LORD my God of that which does cost me nothing. So David bought the threshing floor and the oxen for fifty shekels of silver.
2 Chronicles 26:12	The whole number of the chief of the fathers of the mighty men of valor were two thousand and six hundred.
Ezekiel 40:17	Then brought he me into the outward court, and, see, there were chambers, and a pavement made for the court round about: thirty chambers were on the pavement.
Joshua 2:19	And it shall be, that whoever shall go out of the doors of your house into the street, his blood shall be on his head, and we will be guiltless: and whoever shall be with you in the house, his blood shall be on our head, if any hand be on him.
Habakkuk 1:8	Their horses also are swifter than the leopards, and are more fierce than the evening wolves: and their horsemen shall spread themselves, and their horsemen shall come from far; they shall fly as the eagle that hastens to eat.
Numbers 1:13	Of Asher; Pagiel the son of Ocran.
Daniel 8:8	Therefore the he goat waxed very great: and when he was strong, the great horn was broken; and for it came up four notable ones toward the four winds of heaven.
Jeremiah 13:22	And if you say in your heart, Why come these things on me? For the greatness of your iniquity are your skirts discovered, and your heels made bore.
Exodus 38:10	Their pillars were twenty, and their brazen sockets twenty; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets were of silver.
1 Chronicles 23:23	The sons of Mushi; Mahli, and Eder, and Jeremoth, three.
Isaiah 10:10	As my hand has found the kingdoms of the idols, and whose graven images did excel them of Jerusalem and of Samaria;
2 Corinthians 5:9	Why we labor, that, whether present or absent, we may be accepted of him.
Romans 12:9	Let love be without dissimulation. Abhor that which is evil; hold to that which is good.
Luke 18:39	And they which went before rebuked him, that he should hold his peace: but he cried so much the more, You son of David, have mercy on me.
1 Kings 21:27	And it came to pass, when Ahab heard those words, that he rent his clothes, and put sackcloth on his flesh, and fasted, and lay in sackcloth, and went softly.
1 John 4:19	We love him, because he first loved us.
John 7:24	Judge not according to the appearance, but judge righteous judgment.
Exodus 9:27	And Pharaoh sent, and called for Moses and Aaron, and said to them, I have sinned this time: the LORD is righteous, and I and my people are wicked.
Acts 19:17	And this was known to all the Jews and Greeks also dwelling at Ephesus; and fear fell on them all, and the name of the Lord Jesus was magnified.
Matthew 19:7	They say to him, Why did Moses then command to give a writing of divorce, and to put her away?
Leviticus 1:13	But he shall wash the inwards and the legs with water: and the priest shall bring it all, and burn it on the altar: it is a burnt sacrifice, an offering made by fire, of a sweet smell to the LORD.
Exodus 15:21	And Miriam answered them, Sing you to the LORD, for he has triumphed gloriously; the horse and his rider has he thrown into the sea.
Revelation 9:5	And to them it was given that they should not kill them, but that they should be tormented five months: and their torment was as the torment of a scorpion, when he strikes a man.
2 Kings 18:5	He trusted in the LORD God of Israel; so that after him was none like him among all the kings of Judah, nor any that were before him.
Romans 9:14	What shall we say then? Is there unrighteousness with God? God forbid.
Jeremiah 9:17	Thus said the LORD of hosts, Consider you, and call for the mourning women, that they may come; and send for cunning women, that they may come:
Daniel 3:2	Then Nebuchadnezzar the king sent to gather together the princes, the governors, and the captains, the judges, the treasurers, the counsellors, the sheriffs, and all the rulers of the provinces, to come to the dedication of the image which Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up.
Leviticus 4:7	And the priest shall put some of the blood on the horns of the altar of sweet incense before the LORD, which is in the tabernacle of the congregation; and shall pour all the blood of the bullock at the bottom of the altar of the burnt offering, which is at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
2 Kings 14:26	For the LORD saw the affliction of Israel, that it was very bitter: for there was not any shut up, nor any left, nor any helper for Israel.
Deuteronomy 17:2	If there be found among you, within any of your gates which the LORD your God gives you, man or woman, that has worked wickedness in the sight of the LORD your God, in transgressing his covenant,
1 Kings 20:14	And Ahab said, By whom? And he said, Thus said the LORD, Even by the young men of the princes of the provinces. Then he said, Who shall order the battle? And he answered, You.
Proverbs 11:18	The wicked works a deceitful work: but to him that sows righteousness shall be a sure reward.
Luke 17:21	Neither shall they say, See here! or, see there! for, behold, the kingdom of God is within you.
Joshua 9:7	And the men of Israel said to the Hivites, Peradventure you dwell among us; and how shall we make a league with you?
1 Chronicles 1:47	And when Hadad was dead, Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead.
Leviticus 5:16	And he shall make amends for the harm that he has done in the holy thing, and shall add the fifth part thereto, and give it to the priest: and the priest shall make an atonement for him with the ram of the trespass offering, and it shall be forgiven him.
2 Chronicles 29:9	For, see, our fathers have fallen by the sword, and our sons and our daughters and our wives are in captivity for this.
Proverbs 9:13	A foolish woman is clamorous: she is simple, and knows nothing.
Jeremiah 37:20	Therefore hear now, I pray you, O my lord the king: let my supplication, I pray you, be accepted before you; that you cause me not to return to the house of Jonathan the scribe, lest I die there.
Ruth 1:13	Would you tarry for them till they were grown? would you stay for them from having husbands? no, my daughters; for it grieves me much for your sakes that the hand of the LORD is gone out against me.
Ezekiel 40:46	And the chamber whose prospect is toward the north is for the priests, the keepers of the charge of the altar: these are the sons of Zadok among the sons of Levi, which come near to the LORD to minister to him.
Matthew 26:39	And he went a little farther, and fell on his face, and prayed, saying, O my Father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me: nevertheless not as I will, but as you will.
Joshua 15:62	And Nibshan, and the city of Salt, and Engedi; six cities with their villages.
Ezekiel 37:21	And say to them, Thus said the Lord GOD; Behold, I will take the children of Israel from among the heathen, where they be gone, and will gather them on every side, and bring them into their own land:
Ezekiel 25:14	And I will lay my vengeance on Edom by the hand of my people Israel: and they shall do in Edom according to my anger and according to my fury; and they shall know my vengeance, said the Lord GOD.
Judges 6:32	Therefore on that day he called him Jerubbaal, saying, Let Baal plead against him, because he has thrown down his altar.
Isaiah 24:8	The mirth of tabrets ceases, the noise of them that rejoice ends, the joy of the harp ceases.
Psalm 102:24	I said, O my God, take me not away in the middle of my days: your years are throughout all generations.
Joshua 17:9	And the coast descended to the river Kanah, southward of the river: these cities of Ephraim are among the cities of Manasseh: the coast of Manasseh also was on the north side of the river, and the outgoings of it were at the sea:
Genesis 9:21	And he drank of the wine, and was drunken; and he was uncovered within his tent.
Hosea 10:4	They have spoken words, swearing falsely in making a covenant: thus judgment springs up as hemlock in the furrows of the field.
1 Chronicles 2:31	And the sons of Appaim; Ishi. And the sons of Ishi; Sheshan. And the children of Sheshan; Ahlai.
Exodus 13:8	And you shall show your son in that day, saying, This is done because of that which the LORD did to me when I came forth out of Egypt.
1 Corinthians 1:31	That, according as it is written, He that glories, let him glory in the Lord.
Mark 7:30	And when she was come to her house, she found the devil gone out, and her daughter laid on the bed.
Esther 2:13	Then thus came every maiden to the king; whatever she desired was given her to go with her out of the house of the women to the king’s house.
Jeremiah 10:20	My tabernacle is spoiled, and all my cords are broken: my children are gone forth of me, and they are not: there is none to stretch forth my tent any more, and to set up my curtains.
Ezra 8:9	Of the sons of Joab; Obadiah the son of Jehiel, and with him two hundred and eighteen males.
Numbers 35:24	Then the congregation shall judge between the slayer and the revenger of blood according to these judgments:
2 Kings 12:12	And to masons, and hewers of stone, and to buy timber and hewed stone to repair the breaches of the house of the LORD, and for all that was laid out for the house to repair it.
Jeremiah 51:6	Flee out of the middle of Babylon, and deliver every man his soul: be not cut off in her iniquity; for this is the time of the LORD’s vengeance; he will render to her a recompense.
Acts 2:14	But Peter, standing up with the eleven, lifted up his voice, and said to them, You men of Judaea, and all you that dwell at Jerusalem, be this known to you, and listen to my words:
1 Corinthians 14:39	Why, brothers, covet to prophesy, and forbid not to speak with tongues.
Lamentations 3:22	It is of the LORD’s mercies that we are not consumed, because his compassions fail not.
Job 3:5	Let darkness and the shadow of death stain it; let a cloud dwell on it; let the blackness of the day terrify it.
Proverbs 7:12	Now is she without, now in the streets, and lies in wait at every corner.)
Exodus 27:20	And you shall command the children of Israel, that they bring you pure oil olive beaten for the light, to cause the lamp to burn always.
Isaiah 30:4	For his princes were at Zoan, and his ambassadors came to Hanes.
Proverbs 22:24	Make no friendship with an angry man; and with a furious man you shall not go:
Exodus 39:34	And the covering of rams’ skins dyed red, and the covering of badgers’ skins, and the veil of the covering,
Hosea 2:3	Lest I strip her naked, and set her as in the day that she was born, and make her as a wilderness, and set her like a dry land, and slay her with thirst.
Exodus 25:30	And you shall set on the table show bread before me always.
Acts 1:7	And he said to them, It is not for you to know the times or the seasons, which the Father has put in his own power.
Joshua 21:44	And the LORD gave them rest round about, according to all that he swore to their fathers: and there stood not a man of all their enemies before them; the LORD delivered all their enemies into their hand.
2 Chronicles 20:29	And the fear of God was on all the kingdoms of those countries, when they had heard that the LORD fought against the enemies of Israel.
Daniel 11:43	But he shall have power over the treasures of gold and of silver, and over all the precious things of Egypt: and the Libyans and the Ethiopians shall be at his steps.
Job 12:21	He pours contempt on princes, and weakens the strength of the mighty.
Psalm 119:67	Before I was afflicted I went astray: but now have I kept your word.
Luke 4:22	And all bore him witness, and wondered at the gracious words which proceeded out of his mouth. And they said, Is not this Joseph’s son?
Matthew 16:21	From that time forth began Jesus to show to his disciples, how that he must go to Jerusalem, and suffer many things of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be killed, and be raised again the third day.
Song of Solomon 8:7	Many waters cannot quench love, neither can the floods drown it: if a man would give all the substance of his house for love, it would utterly be contemned.
John 20:24	But Thomas, one of the twelve, called Didymus, was not with them when Jesus came.
Matthew 23:9	And call no man your father on the earth: for one is your Father, which is in heaven.
Exodus 8:22	And I will sever in that day the land of Goshen, in which my people dwell, that no swarms of flies shall be there; to the end you may know that I am the LORD in the middle of the earth.
Exodus 12:41	And it came to pass at the end of the four hundred and thirty years, even the selfsame day it came to pass, that all the hosts of the LORD went out from the land of Egypt.
Deuteronomy 6:18	And you shall do that which is right and good in the sight of the LORD: that it may be well with you, and that you may go in and possess the good land which the LORD swore to your fathers.
Psalm 97:8	Zion heard, and was glad; and the daughters of Judah rejoiced because of your judgments, O LORD.
Matthew 6:20	But lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust does corrupt, and where thieves do not break through nor steal:
Proverbs 16:9	A man’s heart devises his way: but the LORD directs his steps.
Psalm 119:62	At midnight I will rise to give thanks to you because of your righteous judgments.
Jeremiah 39:17	But I will deliver you in that day, said the LORD: and you shall not be given into the hand of the men of whom you are afraid.
Deuteronomy 14:23	And you shall eat before the LORD your God, in the place which he shall choose to place his name there, the tithe of your corn, of your wine, and of your oil, and the firstborn of your herds and of your flocks; that you may learn to fear the LORD your God always.
Leviticus 20:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
2 Chronicles 9:1	And when the queen of Sheba heard of the fame of Solomon, she came to prove Solomon with hard questions at Jerusalem, with a very great company, and camels that bore spices, and gold in abundance, and precious stones: and when she was come to Solomon, she communed with him of all that was in her heart.
Psalm 147:14	He makes peace in your borders, and fills you with the finest of the wheat.
Luke 22:21	But, behold, the hand of him that betrays me is with me on the table.
Ecclesiastes 5:5	Better is it that you should not vow, than that you should vow and not pay.
Acts 16:9	And a vision appeared to Paul in the night; There stood a man of Macedonia, and prayed him, saying, Come over into Macedonia, and help us.
Revelation 9:14	Saying to the sixth angel which had the trumpet, Loose the four angels which are bound in the great river Euphrates.
Job 37:12	And it is turned round about by his counsels: that they may do whatever he commands them on the face of the world in the earth.
Job 21:14	Therefore they say to God, Depart from us; for we desire not the knowledge of your ways.
Acts 3:24	Yes, and all the prophets from Samuel and those that follow after, as many as have spoken, have likewise foretold of these days.
Judges 11:2	And Gilead’s wife bore him sons; and his wife’s sons grew up, and they thrust out Jephthah, and said to him, You shall not inherit in our father’s house; for you are the son of a strange woman.
2 Kings 19:28	Because your rage against me and your tumult is come up into my ears, therefore I will put my hook in your nose, and my bridle in your lips, and I will turn you back by the way by which you came.
Genesis 9:18	And the sons of Noah, that went forth of the ark, were Shem, and Ham, and Japheth: and Ham is the father of Canaan.
Leviticus 19:34	But the stranger that dwells with you shall be to you as one born among you, and you shall love him as yourself; for you were strangers in the land of Egypt: I am the LORD your God.
Proverbs 12:17	He that speaks truth shows forth righteousness: but a false witness deceit.
Luke 22:48	But Jesus said to him, Judas, betray you the Son of man with a kiss?
Ezekiel 7:5	Thus said the Lord GOD; An evil, an only evil, behold, is come.
2 Chronicles 16:6	Then Asa the king took all Judah; and they carried away the stones of Ramah, and the timber thereof, with which Baasha was building; and he built therewith Geba and Mizpah.
Mark 15:29	And they that passed by railed on him, wagging their heads, and saying, Ah, you that destroy the temple, and build it in three days,
Psalm 128:6	Yes, you shall see your children’s children, and peace on Israel.
Mark 10:3	And he answered and said to them, What did Moses command you?
Ezekiel 46:7	And he shall prepare a meat offering, an ephah for a bullock, and an ephah for a ram, and for the lambs according as his hand shall attain to, and an hin of oil to an ephah.
2 Chronicles 2:13	And now I have sent a cunning man, endued with understanding, of Huram my father’s,
1 Chronicles 17:7	Now therefore thus shall you say to my servant David, Thus said the LORD of hosts, I took you from the sheepcote, even from following the sheep, that you should be ruler over my people Israel:
Matthew 14:13	When Jesus heard of it, he departed there by ship into a desert place apart: and when the people had heard thereof, they followed him on foot out of the cities.
John 8:11	She said, No man, Lord. And Jesus said to her, Neither do I condemn you: go, and sin no more.
Ephesians 4:11	And he gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and some, pastors and teachers;
Proverbs 25:13	As the cold of snow in the time of harvest, so is a faithful messenger to them that send him: for he refreshes the soul of his masters.
Genesis 32:7	Then Jacob was greatly afraid and distressed: and he divided the people that was with him, and the flocks, and herds, and the camels, into two bands;
Genesis 18:21	I will go down now, and see whether they have done altogether according to the cry of it, which is come to me; and if not, I will know.
Revelation 3:17	Because you say, I am rich, and increased with goods, and have need of nothing; and know not that you are wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked:
Psalm 49:13	This their way is their folly: yet their posterity approve their sayings. Selah.
Psalm 96:3	Declare his glory among the heathen, his wonders among all people.
2 Samuel 4:3	And the Beerothites fled to Gittaim, and were sojourners there until this day.)
Luke 4:5	And the devil, taking him up into an high mountain, showed to him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time.
Acts 24:25	And as he reasoned of righteousness, temperance, and judgment to come, Felix trembled, and answered, Go your way for this time; when I have a convenient season, I will call for you.
Luke 9:17	And they did eat, and were all filled: and there was taken up of fragments that remained to them twelve baskets.
Numbers 14:33	And your children shall wander in the wilderness forty years, and bear your prostitutions, until your carcasses be wasted in the wilderness.
2 Samuel 14:17	Then your handmaid said, The word of my lord the king shall now be comfortable: for as an angel of God, so is my lord the king to discern good and bad: therefore the LORD your God will be with you.
1 Chronicles 29:24	And all the princes, and the mighty men, and all the sons likewise of king David, submitted themselves to Solomon the king.
Isaiah 64:5	You meet him that rejoices and works righteousness, those that remember you in your ways: behold, you are wroth; for we have sinned: in those is continuance, and we shall be saved.
1 Samuel 15:17	And Samuel said, When you were little in your own sight, were you not made the head of the tribes of Israel, and the LORD anointed you king over Israel?
2 Chronicles 21:19	And it came to pass, that in process of time, after the end of two years, his bowels fell out by reason of his sickness: so he died of sore diseases. And his people made no burning for him, like the burning of his fathers.
Nehemiah 10:23	Hoshea, Hananiah, Hashub,
Job 3:20	Why is light given to him that is in misery, and life to the bitter in soul;
2 Corinthians 7:13	Therefore we were comforted in your comfort: yes, and exceedingly the more joyed we for the joy of Titus, because his spirit was refreshed by you all.
Mark 6:16	But when Herod heard thereof, he said, It is John, whom I beheaded: he is risen from the dead.
Numbers 34:29	These are they whom the LORD commanded to divide the inheritance to the children of Israel in the land of Canaan.
Numbers 35:31	Moreover you shall take no satisfaction for the life of a murderer, which is guilty of death: but he shall be surely put to death.
Job 31:27	And my heart has been secretly enticed, or my mouth has kissed my hand:
Proverbs 23:35	They have stricken me, shall you say, and I was not sick; they have beaten me, and I felt it not: when shall I awake? I will seek it yet again.
Jeremiah 1:18	For, behold, I have made you this day a defended city, and an iron pillar, and brazen walls against the whole land, against the kings of Judah, against the princes thereof, against the priests thereof, and against the people of the land.
Genesis 47:27	And Israel dwelled in the land of Egypt, in the country of Goshen; and they had possessions therein, and grew, and multiplied exceedingly.
Ezra 8:34	By number and by weight of every one: and all the weight was written at that time.
John 14:17	Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot receive, because it sees him not, neither knows him: but you know him; for he dwells with you, and shall be in you.
Zechariah 10:7	And they of Ephraim shall be like a mighty man, and their heart shall rejoice as through wine: yes, their children shall see it, and be glad; their heart shall rejoice in the LORD.
Deuteronomy 34:7	And Moses was an hundred and twenty years old when he died: his eye was not dim, nor his natural force abated.
Numbers 4:48	Even those that were numbered of them, were eight thousand and five hundred and fourscore,
Mark 2:26	How he went into the house of God in the days of Abiathar the high priest, and did eat the show bread, which is not lawful to eat but for the priests, and gave also to them which were with him?
1 Samuel 11:12	And the people said to Samuel, Who is he that said, Shall Saul reign over us? bring the men, that we may put them to death.
1 Kings 21:24	Him that dies of Ahab in the city the dogs shall eat; and him that dies in the field shall the fowls of the air eat.
Genesis 46:23	And the sons of Dan; Hushim.
Mark 13:28	Now learn a parable of the fig tree; When her branch is yet tender, and puts forth leaves, you know that summer is near:
Judges 9:20	But if not, let fire come out from Abimelech, and devour the men of Shechem, and the house of Millo; and let fire come out from the men of Shechem, and from the house of Millo, and devour Abimelech.
Deuteronomy 12:1	These are the statutes and judgments, which you shall observe to do in the land, which the LORD God of your fathers gives you to possess it, all the days that you live on the earth.
2 Corinthians 2:10	To whom you forgive any thing, I forgive also: for if I forgave any thing, to whom I forgave it, for your sakes forgave I it in the person of Christ;
Genesis 40:16	When the chief baker saw that the interpretation was good, he said to Joseph, I also was in my dream, and, behold, I had three white baskets on my head:
John 8:47	He that is of God hears God’s words: you therefore hear them not, because you are not of God.
Luke 23:8	And when Herod saw Jesus, he was exceeding glad: for he was desirous to see him of a long season, because he had heard many things of him; and he hoped to have seen some miracle done by him.
Leviticus 19:5	And if you offer a sacrifice of peace offerings to the LORD, you shall offer it at your own will.
Hebrews 11:18	Of whom it was said, That in Isaac shall your seed be called:
Matthew 15:34	And Jesus said to them, How many loaves have you? And they said, Seven, and a few little fishes.
Matthew 7:26	And every one that hears these sayings of mine, and does them not, shall be likened to a foolish man, which built his house on the sand:
Deuteronomy 28:61	Also every sickness, and every plague, which is not written in the book of this law, them will the LORD bring on you, until you be destroyed.
James 5:7	Be patient therefore, brothers, to the coming of the Lord. Behold, the farmer waits for the precious fruit of the earth, and has long patience for it, until he receive the early and latter rain.
2 Kings 18:14	And Hezekiah king of Judah sent to the king of Assyria to Lachish, saying, I have offended; return from me: that which you put on me will I bear. And the king of Assyria appointed to Hezekiah king of Judah three hundred talents of silver and thirty talents of gold.
Genesis 44:19	My lord asked his servants, saying, Have you a father, or a brother?
Psalm 18:32	It is God that girds me with strength, and makes my way perfect.
Judges 9:23	Then God sent an evil spirit between Abimelech and the men of Shechem; and the men of Shechem dealt treacherously with Abimelech:
1 Chronicles 26:8	All these of the sons of Obededom: they and their sons and their brothers, able men for strength for the service, were three score and two of Obededom.
Job 5:24	And you shall know that your tabernacle shall be in peace; and you shall visit your habitation, and shall not sin.
Exodus 31:5	And in cutting of stones, to set them, and in carving of timber, to work in all manner of workmanship.
Revelation 3:4	You have a few names even in Sardis which have not defiled their garments; and they shall walk with me in white: for they are worthy.
Genesis 11:13	And Arphaxad lived after he begat Salah four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters.
1 Chronicles 22:1	Then David said, This is the house of the LORD God, and this is the altar of the burnt offering for Israel.
Exodus 30:30	And you shall anoint Aaron and his sons, and consecrate them, that they may minister to me in the priest’s office.
1 Samuel 15:32	Then said Samuel, Bring you here to me Agag the king of the Amalekites. And Agag came to him delicately. And Agag said, Surely the bitterness of death is past.
Psalm 37:18	The LORD knows the days of the upright: and their inheritance shall be for ever.
2 Chronicles 1:8	And Solomon said to God, You have showed great mercy to David my father, and have made me to reign in his stead.
Psalm 55:3	Because of the voice of the enemy, because of the oppression of the wicked: for they cast iniquity on me, and in wrath they hate me.
2 Chronicles 8:6	And Baalath, and all the store cities that Solomon had, and all the chariot cities, and the cities of the horsemen, and all that Solomon desired to build in Jerusalem, and in Lebanon, and throughout all the land of his dominion.
2 Chronicles 24:21	And they conspired against him, and stoned him with stones at the commandment of the king in the court of the house of the LORD.
3 John 1:10	Why, if I come, I will remember his deeds which he does, prating against us with malicious words: and not content therewith, neither does he himself receive the brothers, and forbids them that would, and casts them out of the church.
Ezekiel 34:24	And I the LORD will be their God, and my servant David a prince among them; I the LORD have spoken it.
1 Kings 18:13	Was it not told my lord what I did when Jezebel slew the prophets of the LORD, how I hid an hundred men of the LORD’s prophets by fifty in a cave, and fed them with bread and water?
2 Chronicles 32:22	Thus the LORD saved Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem from the hand of Sennacherib the king of Assyria, and from the hand of all other, and guided them on every side.
Joshua 15:33	And in the valley, Eshtaol, and Zoreah, and Ashnah,
Leviticus 2:1	And when any will offer a meat offering to the LORD, his offering shall be of fine flour; and he shall pour oil on it, and put frankincense thereon:
Proverbs 30:25	The ants are a people not strong, yet they prepare their meat in the summer;
2 Kings 23:28	Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Proverbs 26:10	The great God that formed all things both rewards the fool, and rewards transgressors.
Ephesians 1:22	And has put all things under his feet, and gave him to be the head over all things to the church,
Deuteronomy 33:3	Yes, he loved the people; all his saints are in your hand: and they sat down at your feet; every one shall receive of your words.
Jeremiah 14:10	Thus said the LORD to this people, Thus have they loved to wander, they have not refrained their feet, therefore the LORD does not accept them; he will now remember their iniquity, and visit their sins.
Revelation 10:11	And he said to me, You must prophesy again before many peoples, and nations, and tongues, and kings.
Acts 28:18	Who, when they had examined me, would have let me go, because there was no cause of death in me.
Isaiah 57:19	I create the fruit of the lips; Peace, peace to him that is far off, and to him that is near, said the LORD; and I will heal him.
Matthew 26:48	Now he that betrayed him gave them a sign, saying, Whomsoever I shall kiss, that same is he: hold him fast.
Ezekiel 5:11	Why, as I live, said the Lord GOD; Surely, because you have defiled my sanctuary with all your detestable things, and with all your abominations, therefore will I also diminish you; neither shall my eye spare, neither will I have any pity.
Judges 9:55	And when the men of Israel saw that Abimelech was dead, they departed every man to his place.
Ruth 3:12	And now it is true that I am your near kinsman: however, there is a kinsman nearer than I.
Amos 8:6	That we may buy the poor for silver, and the needy for a pair of shoes; yes, and sell the refuse of the wheat?
Ecclesiastes 12:6	Or ever the silver cord be loosed, or the golden bowl be broken, or the pitcher be broken at the fountain, or the wheel broken at the cistern.
Esther 1:18	Likewise shall the ladies of Persia and Media say this day to all the king’s princes, which have heard of the deed of the queen. Thus shall there arise too much contempt and wrath.
Job 19:11	He has also kindled his wrath against me, and he counts me to him as one of his enemies.
Acts 10:23	Then called he them in, and lodged them. And on the morrow Peter went away with them, and certain brothers from Joppa accompanied him.
Nehemiah 5:2	For there were that said, We, our sons, and our daughters, are many: therefore we take up corn for them, that we may eat, and live.
Deuteronomy 20:18	That they teach you not to do after all their abominations, which they have done to their gods; so should you sin against the LORD your God.
Acts 19:23	And the same time there arose no small stir about that way.
Joshua 19:43	And Elon, and Thimnathah, and Ekron,
Romans 9:17	For the scripture said to Pharaoh, Even for this same purpose have I raised you up, that I might show my power in you, and that my name might be declared throughout all the earth.
Job 12:17	He leads counsellors away spoiled, and makes the judges fools.
Zechariah 11:5	Whose possessors slay them, and hold themselves not guilty: and they that sell them say, Blessed be the LORD; for I am rich: and their own shepherds pity them not.
Deuteronomy 25:18	How he met you by the way, and smote the hindmost of you, even all that were feeble behind you, when you were faint and weary; and he feared not God.
Psalm 118:5	I called on the LORD in distress: the LORD answered me, and set me in a large place.
Ecclesiastes 7:24	That which is far off, and exceeding deep, who can find it out?
Acts 16:25	And at midnight Paul and Silas prayed, and sang praises to God: and the prisoners heard them.
Joshua 10:4	Come up to me, and help me, that we may smite Gibeon: for it has made peace with Joshua and with the children of Israel.
Philemon 1:12	Whom I have sent again: you therefore receive him, that is, my own bowels:
Zechariah 2:3	And, behold, the angel that talked with me went forth, and another angel went out to meet him,
Galatians 5:25	If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit.
Numbers 9:8	And Moses said to them, Stand still, and I will hear what the LORD will command concerning you.
Matthew 5:22	But I say to you, That whoever is angry with his brother without a cause shall be in danger of the judgment: and whoever shall say to his brother, Raca, shall be in danger of the council: but whoever shall say, You fool, shall be in danger of hell fire.
Acts 4:5	And it came to pass on the morrow, that their rulers, and elders, and scribes,
Philippians 2:30	Because for the work of Christ he was near to death, not regarding his life, to supply your lack of service toward me.
Zephaniah 1:7	Hold your peace at the presence of the Lord GOD: for the day of the LORD is at hand: for the LORD has prepared a sacrifice, he has bid his guests.
Psalm 119:99	I have more understanding than all my teachers: for your testimonies are my meditation.
John 13:6	Then comes he to Simon Peter: and Peter said to him, Lord, do you wash my feet?
Genesis 12:13	Say, I pray you, you are my sister: that it may be well with me for your sake; and my soul shall live because of you.
Judges 9:28	And Gaal the son of Ebed said, Who is Abimelech, and who is Shechem, that we should serve him? is not he the son of Jerubbaal? and Zebul his officer? serve the men of Hamor the father of Shechem: for why should we serve him?
2 Chronicles 11:17	So they strengthened the kingdom of Judah, and made Rehoboam the son of Solomon strong, three years: for three years they walked in the way of David and Solomon.
Philippians 3:9	And be found in him, not having my own righteousness, which is of the law, but that which is through the faith of Christ, the righteousness which is of God by faith:
Deuteronomy 21:22	And if a man have committed a sin worthy of death, and he be to be put to death, and you hang him on a tree:
Song of Solomon 5:13	His cheeks are as a bed of spices, as sweet flowers: his lips like lilies, dropping sweet smelling myrrh.
Psalm 66:9	Which holds our soul in life, and suffers not our feet to be moved.
Exodus 37:8	One cherub on the end on this side, and another cherub on the other end on that side: out of the mercy seat made he the cherubim on the two ends thereof.
Matthew 10:1	And when he had called to him his twelve disciples, he gave them power against unclean spirits, to cast them out, and to heal all manner of sickness and all manner of disease.
Matthew 16:16	And Simon Peter answered and said, You are the Christ, the Son of the living God.
Galatians 2:18	For if I build again the things which I destroyed, I make myself a transgressor.
2 Kings 24:9	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his father had done.
1 Kings 10:4	And when the queen of Sheba had seen all Solomon’s wisdom, and the house that he had built,
Romans 6:21	What fruit had you then in those things whereof you are now ashamed? for the end of those things is death.
Psalm 48:14	For this God is our God for ever and ever: he will be our guide even to death.
Genesis 9:4	But flesh with the life thereof, which is the blood thereof, shall you not eat.
1 Samuel 17:53	And the children of Israel returned from chasing after the Philistines, and they spoiled their tents.
Matthew 11:19	The Son of man came eating and drinking, and they say, Behold a man gluttonous, and a drunkard, a friend of publicans and sinners. But wisdom is justified of her children.
Leviticus 16:3	Thus shall Aaron come into the holy place: with a young bullock for a sin offering, and a ram for a burnt offering.
2 Chronicles 20:27	Then they returned, every man of Judah and Jerusalem, and Jehoshaphat in the forefront of them, to go again to Jerusalem with joy; for the LORD had made them to rejoice over their enemies.
Numbers 11:30	And Moses got him into the camp, he and the elders of Israel.
Zechariah 7:7	Should you not hear the words which the LORD has cried by the former prophets, when Jerusalem was inhabited and in prosperity, and the cities thereof round about her, when men inhabited the south and the plain?
Job 1:8	And the LORD said to Satan, Have you considered my servant Job, that there is none like him in the earth, a perfect and an upright man, one that fears God, and eschews evil?
2 Kings 25:30	And his allowance was a continual allowance given him of the king, a daily rate for every day, all the days of his life.
1 Corinthians 10:21	You cannot drink the cup of the Lord, and the cup of devils: you cannot be partakers of the Lord’s table, and of the table of devils.
Luke 4:9	And he brought him to Jerusalem, and set him on a pinnacle of the temple, and said to him, If you be the Son of God, cast yourself down from hence:
Job 11:5	But oh that God would speak, and open his lips against you;
Mark 6:35	And when the day was now far spent, his disciples came to him, and said, This is a desert place, and now the time is far passed:
Psalm 12:1	Help, LORD; for the godly man ceases; for the faithful fail from among the children of men.
Genesis 14:9	With Chedorlaomer the king of Elam, and with Tidal king of nations, and Amraphel king of Shinar, and Arioch king of Ellasar; four kings with five.
1 Samuel 20:21	And, behold, I will send a lad, saying, Go, find out the arrows. If I expressly say to the lad, Behold, the arrows are on this side of you, take them; then come you: for there is peace to you, and no hurt; as the LORD lives.
Job 13:2	What you know, the same do I know also: I am not inferior to you.
Numbers 4:41	These are they that were numbered of the families of the sons of Gershon, of all that might do service in the tabernacle of the congregation, whom Moses and Aaron did number according to the commandment of the LORD.
Exodus 12:30	And Pharaoh rose up in the night, he, and all his servants, and all the Egyptians; and there was a great cry in Egypt; for there was not a house where there was not one dead.
1 Samuel 19:13	And Michal took an image, and laid it in the bed, and put a pillow of goats’ hair for his bolster, and covered it with a cloth.
Jeremiah 31:4	Again I will build you, and you shall be built, O virgin of Israel: you shall again be adorned with your tabrets, and shall go forth in the dances of them that make merry.
Daniel 9:25	Know therefore and understand, that from the going forth of the commandment to restore and to build Jerusalem to the Messiah the Prince shall be seven weeks, and three score and two weeks: the street shall be built again, and the wall, even in troublous times.
Jeremiah 14:20	We acknowledge, O LORD, our wickedness, and the iniquity of our fathers: for we have sinned against you.
Deuteronomy 1:38	But Joshua the son of Nun, which stands before you, he shall go in thither: encourage him: for he shall cause Israel to inherit it.
Isaiah 5:30	And in that day they shall roar against them like the roaring of the sea: and if one look to the land, behold darkness and sorrow, and the light is darkened in the heavens thereof.
Matthew 4:8	Again, the devil takes him up into an exceeding high mountain, and shows him all the kingdoms of the world, and the glory of them;
Numbers 33:36	And they removed from Eziongaber, and pitched in the wilderness of Zin, which is Kadesh.
Joshua 20:9	These were the cities appointed for all the children of Israel, and for the stranger that sojournes among them, that whoever kills any person at unawares might flee thither, and not die by the hand of the avenger of blood, until he stood before the congregation.
Leviticus 21:12	Neither shall he go out of the sanctuary, nor profane the sanctuary of his God; for the crown of the anointing oil of his God is on him: I am the LORD.
Leviticus 25:13	In the year of this jubilee you shall return every man to his possession.
Jeremiah 42:7	And it came to pass after ten days, that the word of the LORD came to Jeremiah.
John 21:5	Then Jesus said to them, Children, have you any meat? They answered him, No.
Micah 3:10	They build up Zion with blood, and Jerusalem with iniquity.
Exodus 13:9	And it shall be for a sign to you on your hand, and for a memorial between your eyes, that the LORD’s law may be in your mouth: for with a strong hand has the LORD brought you out of Egypt.
1 Samuel 23:25	Saul also and his men went to seek him. And they told David; why he came down into a rock, and stayed in the wilderness of Maon. And when Saul heard that, he pursued after David in the wilderness of Maon.
Deuteronomy 1:41	Then you answered and said to me, We have sinned against the LORD, we will go up and fight, according to all that the LORD our God commanded us. And when you had girded on every man his weapons of war, you were ready to go up into the hill.
Isaiah 5:9	In my ears said the LORD of hosts, Of a truth many houses shall be desolate, even great and fair, without inhabitant.
2 Kings 3:1	Now Jehoram the son of Ahab began to reign over Israel in Samaria the eighteenth year of Jehoshaphat king of Judah, and reigned twelve years.
Mark 1:11	And there came a voice from heaven, saying, You are my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.
Luke 10:1	After these things the LORD appointed other seventy also, and sent them two and two before his face into every city and place, where he himself would come.
Genesis 2:23	And Adam said, This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh: she shall be called Woman, because she was taken out of Man.
Proverbs 28:2	For the transgression of a land many are the princes thereof: but by a man of understanding and knowledge the state thereof shall be prolonged.
Isaiah 24:15	Why glorify you the LORD in the fires, even the name of the LORD God of Israel in the isles of the sea.
Job 30:5	They were driven forth from among men, (they cried after them as after a thief;)
Revelation 14:2	And I heard a voice from heaven, as the voice of many waters, and as the voice of a great thunder: and I heard the voice of harpers harping with their harps:
1 Corinthians 15:17	And if Christ be not raised, your faith is vain; you are yet in your sins.
1 John 2:6	He that said he stays in him ought himself also so to walk, even as he walked.
Matthew 12:28	But if I cast out devils by the Spirit of God, then the kingdom of God is come to you.
Luke 6:17	And he came down with them, and stood in the plain, and the company of his disciples, and a great multitude of people out of all Judaea and Jerusalem, and from the sea coast of Tyre and Sidon, which came to hear him, and to be healed of their diseases;
1 Kings 1:42	And while he yet spoke, behold, Jonathan the son of Abiathar the priest came; and Adonijah said to him, Come in; for you are a valiant man, and bring good tidings.
Genesis 47:19	Why shall we die before your eyes, both we and our land? buy us and our land for bread, and we and our land will be servants to Pharaoh: and give us seed, that we may live, and not die, that the land be not desolate.
Matthew 14:11	And his head was brought in a charger, and given to the damsel: and she brought it to her mother.
Nehemiah 7:37	The children of Lod, Hadid, and Ono, seven hundred twenty and one.
1 Corinthians 9:22	To the weak became I as weak, that I might gain the weak: I am made all things to all men, that I might by all means save some.
Jeremiah 51:35	The violence done to me and to my flesh be on Babylon, shall the inhabitant of Zion say; and my blood on the inhabitants of Chaldea, shall Jerusalem say.
Nehemiah 13:1	On that day they read in the book of Moses in the audience of the people; and therein was found written, that the Ammonite and the Moabite should not come into the congregation of God for ever;
Acts 13:29	And when they had fulfilled all that was written of him, they took him down from the tree, and laid him in a sepulcher.
Leviticus 13:25	Then the priest shall look on it: and, behold, if the hair in the bright spot be turned white, and it be in sight deeper than the skin; it is a leprosy broken out of the burning: why the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is the plague of leprosy.
Psalm 53:6	Oh that the salvation of Israel were come out of Zion! When God brings back the captivity of his people, Jacob shall rejoice, and Israel shall be glad.
Acts 8:31	And he said, How can I, except some man should guide me? And he desired Philip that he would come up and sit with him.
Revelation 8:5	And the angel took the censer, and filled it with fire of the altar, and cast it into the earth: and there were voices, and thunder, and lightning, and an earthquake.
Jeremiah 48:30	I know his wrath, said the LORD; but it shall not be so; his lies shall not so effect it.
Mark 13:34	For the Son of Man is as a man taking a far journey, who left his house, and gave authority to his servants, and to every man his work, and commanded the porter to watch.
Exodus 29:21	And you shall take of the blood that is on the altar, and of the anointing oil, and sprinkle it on Aaron, and on his garments, and on his sons, and on the garments of his sons with him: and he shall be hallowed, and his garments, and his sons, and his sons’ garments with him.
Luke 1:37	For with God nothing shall be impossible.
Jeremiah 13:15	Hear you, and give ear; be not proud: for the LORD has spoken.
Lamentations 3:34	To crush under his feet all the prisoners of the earth.
Ezekiel 33:30	Also, you son of man, the children of your people still are talking against you by the walls and in the doors of the houses, and speak one to another, every one to his brother, saying, Come, I pray you, and hear what is the word that comes forth from the LORD.
Jonah 4:4	Then said the LORD, Do you well to be angry?
John 12:4	Then said one of his disciples, Judas Iscariot, Simon’s son, which should betray him,
1 Samuel 6:16	And when the five lords of the Philistines had seen it, they returned to Ekron the same day.
Ezekiel 22:1	Moreover the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Deuteronomy 15:1	At the end of every seven years you shall make a release.
Genesis 42:33	And the man, the lord of the country, said to us, Hereby shall I know that you are true men; leave one of your brothers here with me, and take food for the famine of your households, and be gone:
Amos 2:2	But I will send a fire on Moab, and it shall devour the palaces of Kirioth: and Moab shall die with tumult, with shouting, and with the sound of the trumpet:
Romans 13:8	Owe no man any thing, but to love one another: for he that loves another has fulfilled the law.
Judges 9:40	And Abimelech chased him, and he fled before him, and many were overthrown and wounded, even to the entering of the gate.
Jeremiah 29:20	Hear you therefore the word of the LORD, all you of the captivity, whom I have sent from Jerusalem to Babylon:
Deuteronomy 20:16	But of the cities of these people, which the LORD your God does give you for an inheritance, you shall save alive nothing that breathes:
Psalm 119:14	I have rejoiced in the way of your testimonies, as much as in all riches.
Job 32:4	Now Elihu had waited till Job had spoken, because they were elder than he.
John 13:25	He then lying on Jesus’ breast said to him, Lord, who is it?
Mark 16:7	But go your way, tell his disciples and Peter that he goes before you into Galilee: there shall you see him, as he said to you.
Daniel 8:26	And the vision of the evening and the morning which was told is true: why shut you up the vision; for it shall be for many days.
Hosea 2:6	Therefore, behold, I will hedge up your way with thorns, and make a wall, that she shall not find her paths.
Exodus 22:23	If you afflict them in any wise, and they cry at all to me, I will surely hear their cry;
Hebrews 7:17	For he testifies, You are a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec.
Exodus 4:19	And the LORD said to Moses in Midian, Go, return into Egypt: for all the men are dead which sought your life.
Daniel 11:16	But he that comes against him shall do according to his own will, and none shall stand before him: and he shall stand in the glorious land, which by his hand shall be consumed.
Nehemiah 5:9	Also I said, It is not good that you do: ought you not to walk in the fear of our God because of the reproach of the heathen our enemies?
2 Samuel 17:6	And when Hushai was come to Absalom, Absalom spoke to him, saying, Ahithophel has spoken after this manner: shall we do after his saying? if not; speak you.
1 Corinthians 16:22	If any man love not the Lord Jesus Christ, let him be Anathema Maranatha.
1 Peter 3:7	Likewise, you husbands, dwell with them according to knowledge, giving honor to the wife, as to the weaker vessel, and as being heirs together of the grace of life; that your prayers be not hindered.
Isaiah 14:22	For I will rise up against them, said the LORD of hosts, and cut off from Babylon the name, and remnant, and son, and nephew, said the LORD.
Leviticus 23:36	Seven days you shall offer an offering made by fire to the LORD: on the eighth day shall be an holy convocation to you; and you shall offer an offering made by fire to the LORD: it is a solemn assembly; and you shall do no servile work therein.
Numbers 15:18	Speak to the children of Israel, and say to them, When you come into the land where I bring you,
Psalm 102:20	To hear the groaning of the prisoner; to loose those that are appointed to death;
Esther 10:2	And all the acts of his power and of his might, and the declaration of the greatness of Mordecai, whereunto the king advanced him, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Media and Persia?
Ephesians 2:21	In whom all the building fitly framed together grows to an holy temple in the Lord:
John 12:20	And there were certain Greeks among them that came up to worship at the feast:
1 Samuel 26:19	Now therefore, I pray you, let my lord the king hear the words of his servant. If the LORD have stirred you up against me, let him accept an offering: but if they be the children of men, cursed be they before the LORD; for they have driven me out this day from abiding in the inheritance of the LORD, saying, Go, serve other gods.
Job 21:26	They shall lie down alike in the dust, and the worms shall cover them.
Job 22:2	Can a man be profitable to God, as he that is wise may be profitable to himself?
Deuteronomy 8:5	You shall also consider in your heart, that, as a man chastens his son, so the LORD your God chastens you.
Acts 22:7	And I fell to the ground, and heard a voice saying to me, Saul, Saul, why persecute you me?
Job 29:2	Oh that I were as in months past, as in the days when God preserved me;
Acts 7:2	And he said, Men, brothers, and fathers, listen; The God of glory appeared to our father Abraham, when he was in Mesopotamia, before he dwelled in Charran,
Jeremiah 30:13	There is none to plead your cause, that you may be bound up: you have no healing medicines.
Nehemiah 12:9	Also Bakbukiah and Unni, their brothers, were over against them in the watches.
Jeremiah 51:58	Thus said the LORD of hosts; The broad walls of Babylon shall be utterly broken, and her high gates shall be burned with fire; and the people shall labor in vain, and the folk in the fire, and they shall be weary.
Proverbs 30:21	For three things the earth is disquieted, and for four which it cannot bear:
Mark 8:10	And straightway he entered into a ship with his disciples, and came into the parts of Dalmanutha.
Deuteronomy 1:5	On this side Jordan, in the land of Moab, began Moses to declare this law, saying,
Ezekiel 30:2	Son of man, prophesy and say, Thus said the Lord GOD; Howl you, Woe worth the day!
2 Chronicles 6:1	Then said Solomon, The LORD has said that he would dwell in the thick darkness.
Jeremiah 8:21	For the hurt of the daughter of my people am I hurt; I am black; astonishment has taken hold on me.
2 Samuel 22:12	And he made darkness pavilions round about him, dark waters, and thick clouds of the skies.
Judges 3:28	And he said to them, Follow after me: for the LORD has delivered your enemies the Moabites into your hand. And they went down after him, and took the fords of Jordan toward Moab, and suffered not a man to pass over.
Zechariah 2:13	Be silent, O all flesh, before the LORD: for he is raised up out of his holy habitation.
Job 33:7	Behold, my terror shall not make you afraid, neither shall my hand be heavy on you.
2 Chronicles 18:26	And say, Thus said the king, Put this fellow in the prison, and feed him with bread of affliction and with water of affliction, until I return in peace.
Acts 23:29	Whom I perceived to be accused of questions of their law, but to have nothing laid to his charge worthy of death or of bonds.
Lamentations 3:12	He has bent his bow, and set me as a mark for the arrow.
Deuteronomy 11:24	Every place where on the soles of your feet shall tread shall be yours: from the wilderness and Lebanon, from the river, the river Euphrates, even to the uttermost sea shall your coast be.
Joshua 11:12	And all the cities of those kings, and all the kings of them, did Joshua take, and smote them with the edge of the sword, and he utterly destroyed them, as Moses the servant of the LORD commanded.
Ezekiel 23:2	Son of man, there were two women, the daughters of one mother:
Proverbs 10:19	In the multitude of words there wants not sin: but he that refrains his lips is wise.
Joshua 8:9	Joshua therefore sent them forth: and they went to lie in ambush, and stayed between Bethel and Ai, on the west side of Ai: but Joshua lodged that night among the people.
Proverbs 24:25	But to them that rebuke him shall be delight, and a good blessing shall come on them.
Jeremiah 40:14	And said to him, Do you certainly know that Baalis the king of the Ammonites has sent Ishmael the son of Nethaniah to slay you? But Gedaliah the son of Ahikam believed them not.
Ezekiel 24:23	And your tires shall be on your heads, and your shoes on your feet: you shall not mourn nor weep; but you shall pine away for your iniquities, and mourn one toward another.
Mark 13:15	And let him that is on the housetop not go down into the house, neither enter therein, to take any thing out of his house:
Deuteronomy 18:2	Therefore shall they have no inheritance among their brothers: the LORD is their inheritance, as he has said to them.
Micah 5:14	And I will pluck up your groves out of the middle of you: so will I destroy your cities.
Psalm 18:47	It is God that avenges me, and subdues the people under me.
2 Corinthians 7:2	Receive us; we have wronged no man, we have corrupted no man, we have defrauded no man.
Proverbs 13:10	Only by pride comes contention: but with the well advised is wisdom.
Joshua 15:2	And their south border was from the shore of the salt sea, from the bay that looks southward:
Isaiah 45:20	Assemble yourselves and come; draw near together, you that are escaped of the nations: they have no knowledge that set up the wood of their graven image, and pray to a god that cannot save.
2 Chronicles 11:15	And he ordained him priests for the high places, and for the devils, and for the calves which he had made.
Psalm 69:32	The humble shall see this, and be glad: and your heart shall live that seek God.
Jeremiah 32:42	For thus said the LORD; Like as I have brought all this great evil on this people, so will I bring on them all the good that I have promised them.
Luke 11:35	Take heed therefore that the light which is in you be not darkness.
Psalm 88:18	Lover and friend have you put far from me, and my acquaintance into darkness.
Ecclesiastes 1:15	That which is crooked cannot be made straight: and that which is wanting cannot be numbered.
Ezekiel 1:7	And their feet were straight feet; and the sole of their feet was like the sole of a calf’s foot: and they sparkled like the color of burnished brass.
Leviticus 9:5	And they brought that which Moses commanded before the tabernacle of the congregation: and all the congregation drew near and stood before the LORD.
Isaiah 36:9	How then will you turn away the face of one captain of the least of my master’s servants, and put your trust on Egypt for chariots and for horsemen?
Ezekiel 21:13	Because it is a trial, and what if the sword scorn even the rod? it shall be no more, said the Lord GOD.
John 7:4	For there is no man that does any thing in secret, and he himself seeks to be known openly. If you do these things, show yourself to the world.
Lamentations 5:19	You, O LORD, remain for ever; your throne from generation to generation.
Joshua 18:16	And the border came down to the end of the mountain that lies before the valley of the son of Hinnom, and which is in the valley of the giants on the north, and descended to the valley of Hinnom, to the side of Jebusi on the south, and descended to Enrogel,
Acts 5:9	Then Peter said to her, How is it that you have agreed together to tempt the Spirit of the Lord? behold, the feet of them which have buried your husband are at the door, and shall carry you out.
Psalm 119:16	I will delight myself in your statutes: I will not forget your word.
Hosea 2:9	Therefore will I return, and take away my corn in the time thereof, and my wine in the season thereof, and will recover my wool and my flax given to cover her nakedness.
Genesis 25:18	And they dwelled from Havilah to Shur, that is before Egypt, as you go toward Assyria: and he died in the presence of all his brothers.
Micah 2:2	And they covet fields, and take them by violence; and houses, and take them away: so they oppress a man and his house, even a man and his heritage.
John 6:25	And when they had found him on the other side of the sea, they said to him, Rabbi, when came you here?
Jonah 4:9	And God said to Jonah, Do you well to be angry for the gourd? And he said, I do well to be angry, even to death.
1 Chronicles 23:9	The sons of Shimei; Shelomith, and Haziel, and Haran, three. These were the chief of the fathers of Laadan.
Acts 15:8	And God, which knows the hearts, bore them witness, giving them the Holy Ghost, even as he did to us;
Acts 7:39	To whom our fathers would not obey, but thrust him from them, and in their hearts turned back again into Egypt,
Genesis 33:15	And Esau said, Let me now leave with you some of the folk that are with me. And he said, What needs it? let me find grace in the sight of my lord.
Hebrews 10:23	Let us hold fast the profession of our faith without wavering; (for he is faithful that promised;)
Luke 20:46	Beware of the scribes, which desire to walk in long robes, and love greetings in the markets, and the highest seats in the synagogues, and the chief rooms at feasts;
Ezekiel 20:5	And say to them, Thus said the Lord GOD; In the day when I chose Israel, and lifted up my hand to the seed of the house of Jacob, and made myself known to them in the land of Egypt, when I lifted up my hand to them, saying, I am the LORD your God;
2 Kings 13:15	And Elisha said to him, Take bow and arrows. And he took to him bow and arrows.
1 Kings 11:26	And Jeroboam the son of Nebat, an Ephrathite of Zereda, Solomon’s servant, whose mother’s name was Zeruah, a widow woman, even he lifted up his hand against the king.
Ezra 5:16	Then came the same Sheshbazzar, and laid the foundation of the house of God which is in Jerusalem: and since that time even until now has it been in building, and yet it is not finished.
Luke 23:35	And the people stood beholding. And the rulers also with them derided him, saying, He saved others; let him save himself, if he be Christ, the chosen of God.
Psalm 49:2	Both low and high, rich and poor, together.
Revelation 18:15	The merchants of these things, which were made rich by her, shall stand afar off for the fear of her torment, weeping and wailing,
Philippians 1:29	For to you it is given in the behalf of Christ, not only to believe on him, but also to suffer for his sake;
Job 5:2	For wrath kills the foolish man, and envy slays the silly one.
Psalm 35:15	But in my adversity they rejoiced, and gathered themselves together: yes, the attackers gathered themselves together against me, and I knew it not; they did tear me, and ceased not:
Revelation 17:18	And the woman which you saw is that great city, which reigns over the kings of the earth.
Psalm 85:8	I will hear what God the LORD will speak: for he will speak peace to his people, and to his saints: but let them not turn again to folly.
Exodus 21:6	Then his master shall bring him to the judges; he shall also bring him to the door, or to the door post; and his master shall bore his ear through with an awl; and he shall serve him for ever.
Ezekiel 12:9	Son of man, has not the house of Israel, the rebellious house, said to you, What do you?
1 Kings 6:13	And I will dwell among the children of Israel, and will not forsake my people Israel.
Amos 1:5	I will break also the bar of Damascus, and cut off the inhabitant from the plain of Aven, and him that holds the scepter from the house of Eden: and the people of Syria shall go into captivity to Kir, said the LORD.
Genesis 26:11	And Abimelech charged all his people, saying, He that touches this man or his wife shall surely be put to death.
1 Kings 3:15	And Solomon awoke; and, behold, it was a dream. And he came to Jerusalem, and stood before the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and offered up burnt offerings, and offered peace offerings, and made a feast to all his servants.
2 Samuel 5:13	And David took him more concubines and wives out of Jerusalem, after he was come from Hebron: and there were yet sons and daughters born to David.
Luke 13:12	And when Jesus saw her, he called her to him, and said to her, Woman, you are loosed from your infirmity.
Exodus 24:10	And they saw the God of Israel: and there was under his feet as it were a paved work of a sapphire stone, and as it were the body of heaven in his clearness.
Matthew 2:19	But when Herod was dead, behold, an angel of the Lord appears in a dream to Joseph in Egypt,
Ezekiel 12:25	For I am the LORD: I will speak, and the word that I shall speak shall come to pass; it shall be no more prolonged: for in your days, O rebellious house, will I say the word, and will perform it, said the Lord GOD.
Micah 2:8	Even of late my people is risen up as an enemy: you pull off the robe with the garment from them that pass by securely as men averse from war.
Ezekiel 36:9	For, behold, I am for you, and I will turn to you, and you shall be tilled and sown:
1 Corinthians 3:9	For we are laborers together with God: you are God’s husbandry, you are God’s building.
Genesis 5:17	And all the days of Mahalaleel were eight hundred ninety and five years: and he died.
Acts 14:4	But the multitude of the city was divided: and part held with the Jews, and part with the apostles.
Galatians 5:19	Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these; Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness,
Psalm 138:1	I will praise you with my whole heart: before the gods will I sing praise to you.
Exodus 26:24	And they shall be coupled together beneath, and they shall be coupled together above the head of it to one ring: thus shall it be for them both; they shall be for the two corners.
2 Chronicles 19:7	Why now let the fear of the LORD be on you; take heed and do it: for there is no iniquity with the LORD our God, nor respect of persons, nor taking of gifts.
Numbers 8:15	And after that shall the Levites go in to do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation: and you shall cleanse them, and offer them for an offering.
1 Chronicles 27:33	And Ahithophel was the king’s counselor: and Hushai the Archite was the king’s companion:
Romans 6:2	God forbid. How shall we, that are dead to sin, live any longer therein?
John 13:34	A new commandment I give to you, That you love one another; as I have loved you, that you also love one another.
Deuteronomy 9:16	And I looked, and, behold, you had sinned against the LORD your God, and had made you a molten calf: you had turned aside quickly out of the way which the LORD had commanded you.
Genesis 17:8	And I will give to you, and to your seed after you, the land wherein you are a stranger, all the land of Canaan, for an everlasting possession; and I will be their God.
Exodus 30:24	And of cassia five hundred shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary, and of oil olive an hin:
John 3:15	That whoever believes in him should not perish, but have eternal life.
1 Samuel 30:5	And David’s two wives were taken captives, Ahinoam the Jezreelitess, and Abigail the wife of Nabal the Carmelite.
2 Chronicles 26:17	And Azariah the priest went in after him, and with him fourscore priests of the LORD, that were valiant men:
Exodus 26:23	And two boards shall you make for the corners of the tabernacle in the two sides.
Psalm 75:6	For promotion comes neither from the east, nor from the west, nor from the south.
Leviticus 15:15	And the priest shall offer them, the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering; and the priest shall make an atonement for him before the LORD for his issue.
Isaiah 49:1	Listen, O isles, to me; and listen, you people, from far; The LORD has called me from the womb; from the bowels of my mother has he made mention of my name.
1 Kings 1:37	As the LORD has been with my lord the king, even so be he with Solomon, and make his throne greater than the throne of my lord king David.
1 Timothy 5:22	Lay hands suddenly on no man, neither be partaker of other men’s sins: keep yourself pure.
Leviticus 27:6	And if it be from a month old even to five years old, then your estimation shall be of the male five shekels of silver, and for the female your estimation shall be three shekels of silver.
Romans 3:31	Do we then make void the law through faith? God forbid: yes, we establish the law.
Mark 9:27	But Jesus took him by the hand, and lifted him up; and he arose.
2 Chronicles 11:19	Which bore him children; Jeush, and Shamariah, and Zaham.
Acts 28:22	But we desire to hear of you what you think: for as concerning this sect, we know that every where it is spoken against.
2 Samuel 5:2	Also in time past, when Saul was king over us, you were he that led out and brought in Israel: and the LORD said to you, You shall feed my people Israel, and you shall be a captain over Israel.
Isaiah 21:15	For they fled from the swords, from the drawn sword, and from the bent bow, and from the grievousness of war.
Hebrews 12:10	For they truly for a few days chastened us after their own pleasure; but he for our profit, that we might be partakers of his holiness.
1 Kings 16:18	And it came to pass, when Zimri saw that the city was taken, that he went into the palace of the king’s house, and burnt the king’s house over him with fire, and died.
Psalm 39:6	Surely every man walks in a vain show: surely they are disquieted in vain: he heaps up riches, and knows not who shall gather them.
Luke 1:57	Now Elisabeth’s full time came that she should be delivered; and she brought forth a son.
Matthew 15:10	And he called the multitude, and said to them, Hear, and understand:
Matthew 21:30	And he came to the second, and said likewise. And he answered and said, I go, sir: and went not.
Matthew 1:9	And Ozias begat Joatham; and Joatham begat Achaz; and Achaz begat Ezekias;
1 Kings 8:22	And Solomon stood before the altar of the LORD in the presence of all the congregation of Israel, and spread forth his hands toward heaven:
John 1:31	And I knew him not: but that he should be made manifest to Israel, therefore am I come baptizing with water.
Psalm 119:120	My flesh trembles for fear of you; and I am afraid of your judgments.
Romans 7:20	Now if I do that I would not, it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwells in me.
2 Corinthians 1:9	But we had the sentence of death in ourselves, that we should not trust in ourselves, but in God which raises the dead:
Song of Solomon 8:3	His left hand should be under my head, and his right hand should embrace me.
Deuteronomy 9:4	Speak not you in your heart, after that the LORD your God has cast them out from before you, saying, For my righteousness the LORD has brought me in to possess this land: but for the wickedness of these nations the LORD does drive them out from before you.
Ruth 3:8	And it came to pass at midnight, that the man was afraid, and turned himself: and, behold, a woman lay at his feet.
Psalm 68:9	You, O God, did send a plentiful rain, whereby you did confirm your inheritance, when it was weary.
John 5:22	For the Father judges no man, but has committed all judgment to the Son:
1 Kings 8:5	And king Solomon, and all the congregation of Israel, that were assembled to him, were with him before the ark, sacrificing sheep and oxen, that could not be told nor numbered for multitude.
Leviticus 18:4	You shall do my judgments, and keep my ordinances, to walk therein: I am the LORD your God.
1 Kings 16:29	And in the thirty and eighth year of Asa king of Judah began Ahab the son of Omri to reign over Israel: and Ahab the son of Omri reigned over Israel in Samaria twenty and two years.
Ecclesiastes 12:12	And further, by these, my son, be admonished: of making many books there is no end; and much study is a weariness of the flesh.
Isaiah 1:17	Learn to do well; seek judgment, relieve the oppressed, judge the fatherless, plead for the widow.
2 Kings 4:20	And when he had taken him, and brought him to his mother, he sat on her knees till noon, and then died.
Psalm 49:15	But God will redeem my soul from the power of the grave: for he shall receive me. Selah.
1 Kings 21:13	And there came in two men, children of Belial, and sat before him: and the men of Belial witnessed against him, even against Naboth, in the presence of the people, saying, Naboth did blaspheme God and the king. Then they carried him forth out of the city, and stoned him with stones, that he died.
Ezekiel 3:20	Again, When a righteous man does turn from his righteousness, and commit iniquity, and I lay a stumbling-block before him, he shall die: because you have not given him warning, he shall die in his sin, and his righteousness which he has done shall not be remembered; but his blood will I require at your hand.
Psalm 93:4	The LORD on high is mightier than the noise of many waters, yes, than the mighty waves of the sea.
Amos 2:9	Yet destroyed I the Amorite before them, whose height was like the height of the cedars, and he was strong as the oaks; yet I destroyed his fruit from above, and his roots from beneath.
Jeremiah 3:12	Go and proclaim these words toward the north, and say, Return, you backsliding Israel, said the LORD; and I will not cause my anger to fall on you: for I am merciful, said the LORD, and I will not keep anger for ever.
Joshua 19:45	And Jehud, and Beneberak, and Gathrimmon,
Isaiah 46:13	I bring near my righteousness; it shall not be far off, and my salvation shall not tarry: and I will place salvation in Zion for Israel my glory.
John 8:22	Then said the Jews, Will he kill himself? because he said, Where I go, you cannot come.
Luke 5:14	And he charged him to tell no man: but go, and show yourself to the priest, and offer for your cleansing, according as Moses commanded, for a testimony to them.
Acts 14:28	And there they stayed long time with the disciples.
Leviticus 16:14	And he shall take of the blood of the bullock, and sprinkle it with his finger on the mercy seat eastward; and before the mercy seat shall he sprinkle of the blood with his finger seven times.
Exodus 1:12	But the more they afflicted them, the more they multiplied and grew. And they were grieved because of the children of Israel.
1 Samuel 2:17	Why the sin of the young men was very great before the LORD: for men abhorred the offering of the LORD.
1 Samuel 12:16	Now therefore stand and see this great thing, which the LORD will do before your eyes.
Philippians 2:10	That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven, and things in earth, and things under the earth;
Numbers 25:15	And the name of the Midianitish woman that was slain was Cozbi, the daughter of Zur; he was head over a people, and of a chief house in Midian.
Psalm 27:2	When the wicked, even my enemies and my foes, came on me to eat up my flesh, they stumbled and fell.
Deuteronomy 14:14	And every raven after his kind,
Numbers 36:9	Neither shall the inheritance remove from one tribe to another tribe; but every one of the tribes of the children of Israel shall keep himself to his own inheritance.
Matthew 24:4	And Jesus answered and said to them, Take heed that no man deceive you.
Exodus 32:11	And Moses sought the LORD his God, and said, LORD, why does your wrath wax hot against your people, which you have brought forth out of the land of Egypt with great power, and with a mighty hand?
Numbers 22:33	And the ass saw me, and turned from me these three times: unless she had turned from me, surely now also I had slain you, and saved her alive.
Psalm 94:20	Shall the throne of iniquity have fellowship with you, which frames mischief by a law?
Deuteronomy 1:32	Yet in this thing you did not believe the LORD your God,
Genesis 20:18	For the LORD had fast closed up all the wombs of the house of Abimelech, because of Sarah Abraham’s wife.
1 Corinthians 3:15	If any man’s work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss: but he himself shall be saved; yet so as by fire.
Exodus 6:17	The sons of Gershon; Libni, and Shimi, according to their families.
Job 19:20	My bone sticks to my skin and to my flesh, and I am escaped with the skin of my teeth.
Deuteronomy 29:27	And the anger of the LORD was kindled against this land, to bring on it all the curses that are written in this book:
2 Chronicles 18:6	But Jehoshaphat said, Is there not here a prophet of the LORD besides, that we might inquire of him?
Romans 9:11	(For the children being not yet born, neither having done any good or evil, that the purpose of God according to election might stand, not of works, but of him that calls;)
1 Kings 22:19	And he said, Hear you therefore the word of the LORD: I saw the LORD sitting on his throne, and all the host of heaven standing by him on his right hand and on his left.
Mark 10:6	But from the beginning of the creation God made them male and female.
Exodus 40:26	And he put the golden altar in the tent of the congregation before the veil:
Genesis 28:4	And give you the blessing of Abraham, to you, and to your seed with you; that you may inherit the land wherein you are a stranger, which God gave to Abraham.
2 Timothy 3:12	Yes, and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution.
Luke 10:20	Notwithstanding in this rejoice not, that the spirits are subject to you; but rather rejoice, because your names are written in heaven.
Jeremiah 25:9	Behold, I will send and take all the families of the north, said the LORD, and Nebuchadrezzar the king of Babylon, my servant, and will bring them against this land, and against the inhabitants thereof, and against all these nations round about, and will utterly destroy them, and make them an astonishment, and an hissing, and perpetual desolations.
Mark 11:22	And Jesus answering said to them, Have faith in God.
Psalm 37:40	And the LORD shall help them, and deliver them: he shall deliver them from the wicked, and save them, because they trust in him.
1 Corinthians 6:1	Dare any of you, having a matter against another, go to law before the unjust, and not before the saints?
Ezekiel 46:9	But when the people of the land shall come before the LORD in the solemn feasts, he that enters in by the way of the north gate to worship shall go out by the way of the south gate; and he that enters by the way of the south gate shall go forth by the way of the north gate: he shall not return by the way of the gate whereby he came in, but shall go forth over against it.
1 Kings 11:38	And it shall be, if you will listen to all that I command you, and will walk in my ways, and do that is right in my sight, to keep my statutes and my commandments, as David my servant did; that I will be with you, and build you a sure house, as I built for David, and will give Israel to you.
Psalm 124:5	Then the proud waters had gone over our soul.
Judges 21:9	For the people were numbered, and, behold, there were none of the inhabitants of Jabeshgilead there.
Proverbs 15:4	A wholesome tongue is a tree of life: but perverseness therein is a breach in the spirit.
John 8:15	You judge after the flesh; I judge no man.
Joshua 19:12	And turned from Sarid eastward toward the sun rise to the border of Chislothtabor, and then goes out to Daberath, and goes up to Japhia,
1 Kings 10:8	Happy are your men, happy are these your servants, which stand continually before you, and that hear your wisdom.
Proverbs 3:7	Be not wise in your own eyes: fear the LORD, and depart from evil.
Deuteronomy 28:67	In the morning you shall say, Would God it were even! and at even you shall say, Would God it were morning! for the fear of your heart with which you shall fear, and for the sight of your eyes which you shall see.
Deuteronomy 11:17	And then the LORD’s wrath be kindled against you, and he shut up the heaven, that there be no rain, and that the land yield not her fruit; and lest you perish quickly from off the good land which the LORD gives you.
Genesis 7:18	And the waters prevailed, and were increased greatly on the earth; and the ark went on the face of the waters.
Matthew 4:17	From that time Jesus began to preach, and to say, Repent: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.
Proverbs 20:28	Mercy and truth preserve the king: and his throne is upheld by mercy.
2 Kings 9:2	And when you come thither, look out there Jehu the son of Jehoshaphat the son of Nimshi, and go in, and make him arise up from among his brothers, and carry him to an inner chamber;
Luke 10:24	For I tell you, that many prophets and kings have desired to see those things which you see, and have not seen them; and to hear those things which you hear, and have not heard them.
Isaiah 13:3	I have commanded my sanctified ones, I have also called my mighty ones for my anger, even them that rejoice in my highness.
1 Samuel 17:25	And the men of Israel said, Have you seen this man that is come up? surely to defy Israel is he come up: and it shall be, that the man who kills him, the king will enrich him with great riches, and will give him his daughter, and make his father’s house free in Israel.
1 Chronicles 3:2	The third, Absalom the son of Maachah the daughter of Talmai king of Geshur: the fourth, Adonijah the son of Haggith:
Obadiah 1:6	How are the things of Esau searched out! how are his hidden things sought up!
Leviticus 3:12	And if his offering be a goat, then he shall offer it before the LORD.
Hebrews 9:21	Moreover he sprinkled with blood both the tabernacle, and all the vessels of the ministry.
Joshua 13:21	And all the cities of the plain, and all the kingdom of Sihon king of the Amorites, which reigned in Heshbon, whom Moses smote with the princes of Midian, Evi, and Rekem, and Zur, and Hur, and Reba, which were dukes of Sihon, dwelling in the country.
Job 30:24	However, he will not stretch out his hand to the grave, though they cry in his destruction.
2 Samuel 7:11	And as since the time that I commanded judges to be over my people Israel, and have caused you to rest from all your enemies. Also the LORD tells you that he will make you an house.
Joshua 2:18	Behold, when we come into the land, you shall bind this line of scarlet thread in the window which you did let us down by: and you shall bring your father, and your mother, and your brothers, and all your father’s household, home to you.
Psalm 56:8	You tell my wanderings: put you my tears into your bottle: are they not in your book?
Exodus 9:15	For now I will stretch out my hand, that I may smite you and your people with pestilence; and you shall be cut off from the earth.
Ezekiel 37:28	And the heathen shall know that I the LORD do sanctify Israel, when my sanctuary shall be in the middle of them for ever more.
Exodus 1:4	Dan, and Naphtali, Gad, and Asher.
Daniel 11:27	And both of these kings’ hearts shall be to do mischief, and they shall speak lies at one table; but it shall not prosper: for yet the end shall be at the time appointed.
Matthew 9:13	But go you and learn what that means, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice: for I am not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.
1 Thessalonians 2:14	For you, brothers, became followers of the churches of God which in Judaea are in Christ Jesus: for you also have suffered like things of your own countrymen, even as they have of the Jews:
1 Kings 11:6	And Solomon did evil in the sight of the LORD, and went not fully after the LORD, as did David his father.
James 1:13	Let no man say when he is tempted, I am tempted of God: for God cannot be tempted with evil, neither tempts he any man:
Luke 1:77	To give knowledge of salvation to his people by the remission of their sins,
Psalm 57:6	They have prepared a net for my steps; my soul is bowed down: they have dig a pit before me, into the middle whereof they are fallen themselves. Selah.
Psalm 117:1	O praise the LORD, all you nations: praise him, all you people.
Mark 12:18	Then come to him the Sadducees, which say there is no resurrection; and they asked him, saying,
John 4:32	But he said to them, I have meat to eat that you know not of.
Proverbs 13:19	The desire accomplished is sweet to the soul: but it is abomination to fools to depart from evil.
2 Corinthians 11:32	In Damascus the governor under Aretas the king kept the city of the Damascenes with a garrison, desirous to apprehend me:
1 Chronicles 16:43	And all the people departed every man to his house: and David returned to bless his house.
Matthew 5:31	It has been said, Whoever shall put away his wife, let him give her a writing of divorce:
Zechariah 14:16	And it shall come to pass, that every one that is left of all the nations which came against Jerusalem shall even go up from year to year to worship the King, the LORD of hosts, and to keep the feast of tabernacles.
2 Chronicles 20:16	To morrow go you down against them: behold, they come up by the cliff of Ziz; and you shall find them at the end of the brook, before the wilderness of Jeruel.
Psalm 71:8	Let my mouth be filled with your praise and with your honor all the day.
1 Samuel 6:11	And they laid the ark of the LORD on the cart, and the coffer with the mice of gold and the images of their tumors.
Acts 5:11	And great fear came on all the church, and on as many as heard these things.
Jeremiah 41:18	Because of the Chaldeans: for they were afraid of them, because Ishmael the son of Nethaniah had slain Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, whom the king of Babylon made governor in the land.
1 Samuel 17:23	And as he talked with them, behold, there came up the champion, the Philistine of Gath, Goliath by name, out of the armies of the Philistines, and spoke according to the same words: and David heard them.
2 Samuel 18:31	And, behold, Cushi came; and Cushi said, Tidings, my lord the king: for the LORD has avenged you this day of all them that rose up against you.
2 Chronicles 35:16	So all the service of the LORD was prepared the same day, to keep the passover, and to offer burnt offerings on the altar of the LORD, according to the commandment of king Josiah.
1 Kings 1:11	Why Nathan spoke to Bathsheba the mother of Solomon, saying, Have you not heard that Adonijah the son of Haggith does reign, and David our lord knows it not?
Exodus 39:30	And they made the plate of the holy crown of pure gold, and wrote on it a writing, like to the engravings of a signet, HOLINESS TO THE LORD.
Joshua 16:10	And they drove not out the Canaanites that dwelled in Gezer: but the Canaanites dwell among the Ephraimites to this day, and serve under tribute.
2 Kings 8:19	Yet the LORD would not destroy Judah for David his servant’s sake, as he promised him to give him always a light, and to his children.
Deuteronomy 10:14	Behold, the heaven and the heaven of heavens is the LORD’s your God, the earth also, with all that therein is.
1 Samuel 16:18	Then answered one of the servants, and said, Behold, I have seen a son of Jesse the Bethlehemite, that is cunning in playing, and a mighty valiant man, and a man of war, and prudent in matters, and a comely person, and the LORD is with him.
1 Samuel 28:21	And the woman came to Saul, and saw that he was sore troubled, and said to him, Behold, your handmaid has obeyed your voice, and I have put my life in my hand, and have listened to your words which you spoke to me.
Ezekiel 26:9	And he shall set engines of war against your walls, and with his axes he shall break down your towers.
John 1:22	Then said they to him, Who are you? that we may give an answer to them that sent us. What say you of yourself?
Numbers 26:21	And the sons of Pharez were; of Hezron, the family of the Hezronites: of Hamul, the family of the Hamulites.
Joshua 12:5	And reigned in mount Hermon, and in Salcah, and in all Bashan, to the border of the Geshurites and the Maachathites, and half Gilead, the border of Sihon king of Heshbon.
Psalm 44:1	We have heard with our ears, O God, our fathers have told us, what work you did in their days, in the times of old.
Acts 28:11	And after three months we departed in a ship of Alexandria, which had wintered in the isle, whose sign was Castor and Pollux.
Genesis 28:6	When Esau saw that Isaac had blessed Jacob, and sent him away to Padanaram, to take him a wife from there; and that as he blessed him he gave him a charge, saying, You shall not take a wife of the daughers of Canaan;
2 Chronicles 31:5	And as soon as the commandment came abroad, the children of Israel brought in abundance the first fruits of corn, wine, and oil, and honey, and of all the increase of the field; and the tithe of all things brought they in abundantly.
Romans 1:1	Paul, a servant of Jesus Christ, called to be an apostle, separated to the gospel of God,
Psalm 136:20	And Og the king of Bashan: for his mercy endures for ever:
Psalm 81:13	Oh that my people had listened to me, and Israel had walked in my ways!
Job 20:19	Because he has oppressed and has forsaken the poor; because he has violently taken away an house which he built not;
1 Samuel 23:3	And David’s men said to him, Behold, we be afraid here in Judah: how much more then if we come to Keilah against the armies of the Philistines?
Genesis 2:1	Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them.
Job 41:3	Will he make many supplications to you? will he speak soft words to you?
1 Kings 3:5	In Gibeon the LORD appeared to Solomon in a dream by night: and God said, Ask what I shall give you.
Psalm 124:4	Then the waters had overwhelmed us, the stream had gone over our soul:
Luke 8:25	And he said to them, Where is your faith? And they being afraid wondered, saying one to another, What manner of man is this! for he commands even the winds and water, and they obey him.
Exodus 28:12	And you shall put the two stones on the shoulders of the ephod for stones of memorial to the children of Israel: and Aaron shall bear their names before the LORD on his two shoulders for a memorial.
Deuteronomy 33:10	They shall teach Jacob your judgments, and Israel your law: they shall put incense before you, and whole burnt sacrifice on your altar.
Deuteronomy 7:8	But because the LORD loved you, and because he would keep the oath which he had sworn to your fathers, has the LORD brought you out with a mighty hand, and redeemed you out of the house of slaves, from the hand of Pharaoh king of Egypt.
1 Kings 22:50	And Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Jehoram his son reigned in his stead.
Daniel 11:22	And with the arms of a flood shall they be overflowed from before him, and shall be broken; yes, also the prince of the covenant.
2 Chronicles 13:16	And the children of Israel fled before Judah: and God delivered them into their hand.
John 4:49	The nobleman said to him, Sir, come down ere my child die.
Ezra 10:21	And of the sons of Harim; Maaseiah, and Elijah, and Shemaiah, and Jehiel, and Uzziah.
Acts 2:7	And they were all amazed and marveled, saying one to another, Behold, are not all these which speak Galilaeans?
Exodus 37:6	And he made the mercy seat of pure gold: two cubits and a half was the length thereof, and one cubit and a half the breadth thereof.
Isaiah 14:16	They that see you shall narrowly look on you, and consider you, saying, Is this the man that made the earth to tremble, that did shake kingdoms;
Acts 4:16	Saying, What shall we do to these men? for that indeed a notable miracle has been done by them is manifest to all them that dwell in Jerusalem; and we cannot deny it.
Mark 13:26	And then shall they see the Son of man coming in the clouds with great power and glory.
Revelation 3:2	Be watchful, and strengthen the things which remain, that are ready to die: for I have not found your works perfect before God.
Numbers 1:32	Of the children of Joseph, namely, of the children of Ephraim, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Numbers 13:10	Of the tribe of Zebulun, Gaddiel the son of Sodi.
1 Samuel 30:31	And to them which were in Hebron, and to all the places where David himself and his men were wont to haunt.
2 Corinthians 3:5	Not that we are sufficient of ourselves to think any thing as of ourselves; but our sufficiency is of God;
Jeremiah 48:8	And the spoiler shall come on every city, and no city shall escape: the valley also shall perish, and the plain shall be destroyed, as the LORD has spoken.
Isaiah 29:6	You shall be visited of the LORD of hosts with thunder, and with earthquake, and great noise, with storm and tempest, and the flame of devouring fire.
Judges 1:2	And the LORD said, Judah shall go up: behold, I have delivered the land into his hand.
2 Samuel 4:9	And David answered Rechab and Baanah his brother, the sons of Rimmon the Beerothite, and said to them, As the LORD lives, who has redeemed my soul out of all adversity,
Isaiah 1:18	Come now, and let us reason together, said the LORD: though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they be red like crimson, they shall be as wool.
Proverbs 11:27	He that diligently seeks good procures favor: but he that seeks mischief, it shall come to him.
Leviticus 13:17	And the priest shall see him: and, behold, if the plague be turned into white; then the priest shall pronounce him clean that has the plague: he is clean.
Joel 1:5	Awake, you drunkards, and weep; and howl, all you drinkers of wine, because of the new wine; for it is cut off from your mouth.
Judges 2:3	Why I also said, I will not drive them out from before you; but they shall be as thorns in your sides, and their gods shall be a snare to you.
Jeremiah 22:20	Go up to Lebanon, and cry; and lift up your voice in Bashan, and cry from the passages: for all your lovers are destroyed.
Luke 6:34	And if you lend to them of whom you hope to receive, what thank have you? for sinners also lend to sinners, to receive as much again.
Ecclesiastes 12:4	And the doors shall be shut in the streets, when the sound of the grinding is low, and he shall rise up at the voice of the bird, and all the daughters of music shall be brought low;
Proverbs 21:21	He that follows after righteousness and mercy finds life, righteousness, and honor.
Joshua 12:8	In the mountains, and in the valleys, and in the plains, and in the springs, and in the wilderness, and in the south country; the Hittites, the Amorites, and the Canaanites, the Perizzites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites:
Job 1:20	Then Job arose, and rent his mantle, and shaved his head, and fell down on the ground, and worshipped,
Genesis 45:26	And told him, saying, Joseph is yet alive, and he is governor over all the land of Egypt. And Jacob’s heart fainted, for he believed them not.
2 Samuel 10:7	And when David heard of it, he sent Joab, and all the host of the mighty men.
1 Chronicles 1:32	Now the sons of Keturah, Abraham’s concubine: she bore Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah. And the sons of Jokshan; Sheba, and Dedan.
1 Kings 3:2	Only the people sacrificed in high places, because there was no house built to the name of the LORD, until those days.
2 Timothy 2:10	Therefore I endure all things for the elect’s sakes, that they may also obtain the salvation which is in Christ Jesus with eternal glory.
Genesis 26:4	And I will make your seed to multiply as the stars of heaven, and will give to your seed all these countries; and in your seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed;
Psalm 68:35	O God, you are terrible out of your holy places: the God of Israel is he that gives strength and power to his people. Blessed be God.
Job 21:32	Yet shall he be brought to the grave, and shall remain in the tomb.
Deuteronomy 3:19	But your wives, and your little ones, and your cattle, (for I know that you have much cattle,) shall abide in your cities which I have given you;
Amos 9:10	All the sinners of my people shall die by the sword, which say, The evil shall not overtake nor prevent us.
John 17:21	That they all may be one; as you, Father, are in me, and I in you, that they also may be one in us: that the world may believe that you have sent me.
Haggai 2:6	For thus said the LORD of hosts; Yet once, it is a little while, and I will shake the heavens, and the earth, and the sea, and the dry land;
Mark 10:17	And when he was gone forth into the way, there came one running, and kneeled to him, and asked him, Good Master, what shall I do that I may inherit eternal life?
Isaiah 3:24	And it shall come to pass, that instead of sweet smell there shall be stink; and instead of a girdle a rent; and instead of well set hair baldness; and instead of a stomacher a girding of sackcloth; and burning instead of beauty.
2 Chronicles 25:7	But there came a man of God to him, saying, O king, let not the army of Israel go with you; for the LORD is not with Israel, to wit, with all the children of Ephraim.
Deuteronomy 5:1	And Moses called all Israel, and said to them, Hear, O Israel, the statutes and judgments which I speak in your ears this day, that you may learn them, and keep, and do them.
Luke 17:13	And they lifted up their voices, and said, Jesus, Master, have mercy on us.
Romans 12:17	Recompense to no man evil for evil. Provide things honest in the sight of all men.
Isaiah 2:5	O house of Jacob, come you, and let us walk in the light of the LORD.
Genesis 22:1	And it came to pass after these things, that God did tempt Abraham, and said to him, Abraham: and he said, Behold, here I am.
Matthew 18:9	And if your eye offend you, pluck it out, and cast it from you: it is better for you to enter into life with one eye, rather than having two eyes to be cast into hell fire.
1 Corinthians 6:15	Know you not that your bodies are the members of Christ? shall I then take the members of Christ, and make them the members of an harlot? God forbid.
1 Peter 4:2	That he no longer should live the rest of his time in the flesh to the lusts of men, but to the will of God.
Hebrews 1:7	And of the angels he said, Who makes his angels spirits, and his ministers a flame of fire.
Mark 1:18	And straightway they forsook their nets, and followed him.
Colossians 3:19	Husbands, love your wives, and be not bitter against them.
Esther 9:5	Thus the Jews smote all their enemies with the stroke of the sword, and slaughter, and destruction, and did what they would to those that hated them.
Mark 9:13	But I say to you, That Elias is indeed come, and they have done to him whatever they listed, as it is written of him.
Psalm 78:7	That they might set their hope in God, and not forget the works of God, but keep his commandments:
Deuteronomy 5:6	I am the LORD your God, which brought you out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage.
Romans 8:20	For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who has subjected the same in hope,
Revelation 6:14	And the heaven departed as a scroll when it is rolled together; and every mountain and island were moved out of their places.
2 Samuel 18:24	And David sat between the two gates: and the watchman went up to the roof over the gate to the wall, and lifted up his eyes, and looked, and behold a man running alone.
Genesis 9:9	And I, behold, I establish my covenant with you, and with your seed after you;
Mark 13:36	Lest coming suddenly he find you sleeping.
Numbers 24:7	He shall pour the water out of his buckets, and his seed shall be in many waters, and his king shall be higher than Agag, and his kingdom shall be exalted.
1 Corinthians 7:10	And to the married I command, yet not I, but the Lord, Let not the wife depart from her husband:
1 Samuel 1:4	And when the time was that Elkanah offered, he gave to Peninnah his wife, and to all her sons and her daughters, portions:
2 Chronicles 9:27	And the king made silver in Jerusalem as stones, and cedar trees made he as the sycomore trees that are in the low plains in abundance.
2 Kings 18:4	He removed the high places, and broke the images, and cut down the groves, and broke in pieces the brazen serpent that Moses had made: for to those days the children of Israel did burn incense to it: and he called it Nehushtan.
1 Corinthians 6:17	But he that is joined to the Lord is one spirit.
Psalm 149:1	Praise you the LORD. Sing to the LORD a new song, and his praise in the congregation of saints.
Jeremiah 28:1	And it came to pass the same year, in the beginning of the reign of Zedekiah king of Judah, in the fourth year, and in the fifth month, that Hananiah the son of Azur the prophet, which was of Gibeon, spoke to me in the house of the LORD, in the presence of the priests and of all the people, saying,
Ezra 1:4	And whoever remains in any place where he sojournes, let the men of his place help him with silver, and with gold, and with goods, and with beasts, beside the freewill offering for the house of God that is in Jerusalem.
1 John 4:5	They are of the world: therefore speak they of the world, and the world hears them.
Job 21:30	That the wicked is reserved to the day of destruction? they shall be brought forth to the day of wrath.
Acts 20:23	Save that the Holy Ghost witnesses in every city, saying that bonds and afflictions abide me.
Zechariah 14:18	And if the family of Egypt go not up, and come not, that have no rain; there shall be the plague, with which the LORD will smite the heathen that come not up to keep the feast of tabernacles.
Jeremiah 18:14	Will a man leave the snow of Lebanon which comes from the rock of the field? or shall the cold flowing waters that come from another place be forsaken?
Psalm 3:4	I cried to the LORD with my voice, and he heard me out of his holy hill. Selah.
Exodus 15:10	You did blow with your wind, the sea covered them: they sank as lead in the mighty waters.
Genesis 22:15	And the angel of the LORD called to Abraham out of heaven the second time,
1 Samuel 23:19	Then came up the Ziphites to Saul to Gibeah, saying, Does not David hide himself with us in strong holds in the wood, in the hill of Hachilah, which is on the south of Jeshimon?
1 Corinthians 15:8	And last of all he was seen of me also, as of one born out of due time.
Acts 14:15	And saying, Sirs, why do you these things? We also are men of like passions with you, and preach to you that you should turn from these vanities to the living God, which made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and all things that are therein:
Numbers 31:7	And they warred against the Midianites, as the LORD commanded Moses; and they slew all the males.
Psalm 85:13	Righteousness shall go before him; and shall set us in the way of his steps.
Luke 14:31	Or what king, going to make war against another king, sits not down first, and consults whether he be able with ten thousand to meet him that comes against him with twenty thousand?
John 2:7	Jesus said to them, Fill the water pots with water. And they filled them up to the brim.
Psalm 50:20	You sit and speak against your brother; you slander your own mother’s son.
2 Corinthians 3:3	For as much as you are manifestly declared to be the letter of Christ ministered by us, written not with ink, but with the Spirit of the living God; not in tables of stone, but in fleshy tables of the heart.
Isaiah 19:25	Whom the LORD of hosts shall bless, saying, Blessed be Egypt my people, and Assyria the work of my hands, and Israel my inheritance.
Ezra 2:50	The children of Asnah, the children of Mehunim, the children of Nephusim,
1 Corinthians 13:5	Does not behave itself unseemly, seeks not her own, is not easily provoked, thinks no evil;
Job 33:10	Behold, he finds occasions against me, he counts me for his enemy,
Numbers 16:35	And there came out a fire from the LORD, and consumed the two hundred and fifty men that offered incense.
Psalm 102:12	But you, O LORD, shall endure for ever; and your remembrance to all generations.
1 Kings 6:33	So also made he for the door of the temple posts of olive tree, a fourth part of the wall.
1 Kings 20:34	And Ben-hadad said to him, The cities, which my father took from your father, I will restore; and you shall make streets for you in Damascus, as my father made in Samaria. Then said Ahab, I will send you away with this covenant. So he made a covenant with him, and sent him away.
2 Chronicles 12:10	Instead of which king Rehoboam made shields of brass, and committed them to the hands of the chief of the guard, that kept the entrance of the king’s house.
Numbers 25:8	And he went after the man of Israel into the tent, and thrust both of them through, the man of Israel, and the woman through her belly. So the plague was stayed from the children of Israel.
Psalm 35:25	Let them not say in their hearts, Ah, so would we have it: let them not say, We have swallowed him up.
Job 29:19	My root was spread out by the waters, and the dew lay all night on my branch.
2 Chronicles 3:12	And one wing of the other cherub was five cubits, reaching to the wall of the house: and the other wing was five cubits also, joining to the wing of the other cherub.
1 Kings 17:13	And Elijah said to her, Fear not; go and do as you have said: but make me thereof a little cake first, and bring it to me, and after make for you and for your son.
1 Chronicles 4:29	And at Bilhah, and at Ezem, and at Tolad,
Zechariah 1:20	And the LORD showed me four carpenters.
Nehemiah 3:16	After him repaired Nehemiah the son of Azbuk, the ruler of the half part of Bethzur, to the place over against the sepulchers of David, and to the pool that was made, and to the house of the mighty.
Mark 4:18	And these are they which are sown among thorns; such as hear the word,
Isaiah 2:17	And the loftiness of man shall be bowed down, and the haughtiness of men shall be made low: and the LORD alone shall be exalted in that day.
Joshua 21:7	The children of Merari by their families had out of the tribe of Reuben, and out of the tribe of Gad, and out of the tribe of Zebulun, twelve cities.
Nahum 3:4	Because of the multitude of the prostitutions of the well favored harlot, the mistress of witchcrafts, that sells nations through her prostitutions, and families through her witchcrafts.
Exodus 27:5	And you shall put it under the compass of the altar beneath, that the net may be even to the middle of the altar.
Ezekiel 48:5	And by the border of Manasseh, from the east side to the west side, a portion for Ephraim.
2 Kings 18:35	Who are they among all the gods of the countries, that have delivered their country out of my hand, that the LORD should deliver Jerusalem out of my hand?
Luke 20:22	Is it lawful for us to give tribute to Caesar, or no?
Judges 8:5	And he said to the men of Succoth, Give, I pray you, loaves of bread to the people that follow me; for they be faint, and I am pursuing after Zebah and Zalmunna, kings of Midian.
John 6:21	Then they willingly received him into the ship: and immediately the ship was at the land where they went.
John 1:33	And I knew him not: but he that sent me to baptize with water, the same said to me, On whom you shall see the Spirit descending, and remaining on him, the same is he which baptizes with the Holy Ghost.
Ecclesiastes 2:1	I said in my heart, Go to now, I will prove you with mirth, therefore enjoy pleasure: and, behold, this also is vanity.
Exodus 10:5	And they shall cover the face of the earth, that one cannot be able to see the earth: and they shall eat the residue of that which is escaped, which remains to you from the hail, and shall eat every tree which grows for you out of the field:
1 Samuel 9:14	And they went up into the city: and when they were come into the city, behold, Samuel came out against them, for to go up to the high place.
1 Chronicles 25:9	Now the first lot came forth for Asaph to Joseph: the second to Gedaliah, who with his brothers and sons were twelve:
Genesis 35:17	And it came to pass, when she was in hard labor, that the midwife said to her, Fear not; you shall have this son also.
2 Samuel 18:20	And Joab said to him, You shall not bear tidings this day, but you shall bear tidings another day: but this day you shall bear no tidings, because the king’s son is dead.
Psalm 109:18	As he clothed himself with cursing like as with his garment, so let it come into his bowels like water, and like oil into his bones.
Revelation 3:9	Behold, I will make them of the synagogue of Satan, which say they are Jews, and are not, but do lie; behold, I will make them to come and worship before your feet, and to know that I have loved you.
Matthew 16:6	Then Jesus said to them, Take heed and beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees.
Nehemiah 7:67	Beside their manservants and their maidservants, of whom there were seven thousand three hundred thirty and seven: and they had two hundred forty and five singing men and singing women.
Psalm 105:7	He is the LORD our God: his judgments are in all the earth.
Isaiah 33:12	And the people shall be as the burnings of lime: as thorns cut up shall they be burned in the fire.
Psalm 66:3	Say to God, How terrible are you in your works! through the greatness of your power shall your enemies submit themselves to you.
Job 14:5	Seeing his days are determined, the number of his months are with you, you have appointed his bounds that he cannot pass;
Acts 21:31	And as they went about to kill him, tidings came to the chief captain of the band, that all Jerusalem was in an uproar.
Isaiah 9:11	Therefore the LORD shall set up the adversaries of Rezin against him, and join his enemies together;
Jeremiah 33:5	They come to fight with the Chaldeans, but it is to fill them with the dead bodies of men, whom I have slain in my anger and in my fury, and for all whose wickedness I have hid my face from this city.
Isaiah 27:6	He shall cause them that come of Jacob to take root: Israel shall blossom and bud, and fill the face of the world with fruit.
1 Corinthians 11:23	For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered to you, That the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed took bread:
1 Chronicles 1:1	Adam, Sheth, Enosh,
Daniel 4:33	The same hour was the thing fulfilled on Nebuchadnezzar: and he was driven from men, and did eat grass as oxen, and his body was wet with the dew of heaven, till his hairs were grown like eagles’ feathers, and his nails like birds’ claws.
Judges 14:7	And he went down, and talked with the woman; and she pleased Samson well.
Ephesians 6:11	Put on the whole armor of God, that you may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.
Job 11:13	If you prepare your heart, and stretch out your hands toward him;
Mark 2:3	And they come to him, bringing one sick of the palsy, which was borne of four.
Luke 1:3	It seemed good to me also, having had perfect understanding of all things from the very first, to write to you in order, most excellent Theophilus,
Isaiah 40:8	The grass wither, the flower fades: but the word of our God shall stand for ever.
Deuteronomy 34:2	And all Naphtali, and the land of Ephraim, and Manasseh, and all the land of Judah, to the utmost sea,
Jeremiah 25:3	From the thirteenth year of Josiah the son of Amon king of Judah, even to this day, that is the three and twentieth year, the word of the LORD has come to me, and I have spoken to you, rising early and speaking; but you have not listened.
Exodus 6:18	And the sons of Kohath; Amram, and Izhar, and Hebron, and Uzziel: and the years of the life of Kohath were an hundred thirty and three years.
2 Kings 22:20	Behold therefore, I will gather you to your fathers, and you shall be gathered into your grave in peace; and your eyes shall not see all the evil which I will bring on this place. And they brought the king word again.
Joshua 19:5	And Ziklag, and Bethmarcaboth, and Hazarsusah,
2 Samuel 7:26	And let your name be magnified for ever, saying, The LORD of hosts is the God over Israel: and let the house of your servant David be established before you.
Numbers 14:32	But as for you, your carcasses, they shall fall in this wilderness.
Genesis 19:37	And the first born bore a son, and called his name Moab: the same is the father of the Moabites to this day.
Numbers 22:12	And God said to Balaam, You shall not go with them; you shall not curse the people: for they are blessed.
Deuteronomy 7:18	You shall not be afraid of them: but shall well remember what the LORD your God did to Pharaoh, and to all Egypt;
Genesis 14:5	And in the fourteenth year came Chedorlaomer, and the kings that were with him, and smote the Rephaims in Ashteroth Karnaim, and the Zuzims in Ham, and the Emins in Shaveh Kiriathaim,
Romans 8:34	Who is he that comdemns? It is Christ that died, yes rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also makes intercession for us.
Luke 8:6	And some fell on a rock; and as soon as it was sprung up, it withered away, because it lacked moisture.
Daniel 5:26	This is the interpretation of the thing: MENE; God has numbered your kingdom, and finished it.
Hosea 2:4	And I will not have mercy on her children; for they be the children of prostitutions.
Ezekiel 32:23	Whose graves are set in the sides of the pit, and her company is round about her grave: all of them slain, fallen by the sword, which caused terror in the land of the living.
Hebrews 7:12	For the priesthood being changed, there is made of necessity a change also of the law.
Isaiah 14:11	Your pomp is brought down to the grave, and the noise of your viols: the worm is spread under you, and the worms cover you.
Proverbs 8:29	When he gave to the sea his decree, that the waters should not pass his commandment: when he appointed the foundations of the earth:
1 Chronicles 29:9	Then the people rejoiced, for that they offered willingly, because with perfect heart they offered willingly to the LORD: and David the king also rejoiced with great joy.
Leviticus 25:9	Then shall you cause the trumpet of the jubilee to sound on the tenth day of the seventh month, in the day of atonement shall you make the trumpet sound throughout all your land.
1 Chronicles 25:27	The twentieth to Eliathah, he, his sons, and his brothers, were twelve:
Colossians 2:2	That their hearts might be comforted, being knit together in love, and to all riches of the full assurance of understanding, to the acknowledgment of the mystery of God, and of the Father, and of Christ;
John 1:45	Philip finds Nathanael, and said to him, We have found him, of whom Moses in the law, and the prophets, did write, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph.
John 12:35	Then Jesus said to them, Yet a little while is the light with you. Walk while you have the light, lest darkness come on you: for he that walks in darkness knows not where he goes.
Exodus 7:12	For they cast down every man his rod, and they became serpents: but Aaron’s rod swallowed up their rods.
Deuteronomy 17:5	Then shall you bring forth that man or that woman, which have committed that wicked thing, to your gates, even that man or that woman, and shall stone them with stones, till they die.
Judges 13:8	Then Manoah entreated the LORD, and said, O my Lord, let the man of God which you did send come again to us, and teach us what we shall do to the child that shall be born.
Deuteronomy 15:10	You shall surely give him, and your heart shall not be grieved when you give to him: because that for this thing the LORD your God shall bless you in all your works, and in all that you put your hand to.
Mark 15:24	And when they had crucified him, they parted his garments, casting lots on them, what every man should take.
Proverbs 28:13	He that covers his sins shall not prosper: but whoever confesses and forsakes them shall have mercy.
1 Corinthians 7:23	You are bought with a price; be not you the servants of men.
1 Samuel 14:11	And both of them discovered themselves to the garrison of the Philistines: and the Philistines said, Behold, the Hebrews come forth out of the holes where they had hid themselves.
Acts 19:10	And this continued by the space of two years; so that all they which dwelled in Asia heard the word of the Lord Jesus, both Jews and Greeks.
Judges 9:54	Then he called hastily to the young man his armor bearer, and said to him, Draw your sword, and slay me, that men say not of me, A women slew him. And his young man thrust him through, and he died.
Romans 10:10	For with the heart man believes to righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made to salvation.
2 Kings 17:6	In the ninth year of Hoshea the king of Assyria took Samaria, and carried Israel away into Assyria, and placed them in Halah and in Habor by the river of Gozan, and in the cities of the Medes.
2 Samuel 10:19	And when all the kings that were servants to Hadarezer saw that they were smitten before Israel, they made peace with Israel, and served them. So the Syrians feared to help the children of Ammon any more.
Proverbs 6:14	Frowardness is in his heart, he devises mischief continually; he sows discord.
Job 27:6	My righteousness I hold fast, and will not let it go: my heart shall not reproach me so long as I live.
Job 9:9	Which makes Arcturus, Orion, and Pleiades, and the chambers of the south.
Hebrews 12:27	And this word, Yet once more, signifies the removing of those things that are shaken, as of things that are made, that those things which cannot be shaken may remain.
Exodus 19:23	And Moses said to the LORD, The people cannot come up to mount Sinai: for you charged us, saying, Set bounds about the mount, and sanctify it.
Genesis 19:24	Then the LORD rained on Sodom and on Gomorrah brimstone and fire from the LORD out of heaven;
Matthew 20:12	Saying, These last have worked but one hour, and you have made them equal to us, which have borne the burden and heat of the day.
1 Chronicles 4:12	And Eshton begat Bethrapha, and Paseah, and Tehinnah the father of Irnahash. These are the men of Rechah.
Job 33:15	In a dream, in a vision of the night, when deep sleep falls on men, in slumberings on the bed;
1 Kings 19:16	And Jehu the son of Nimshi shall you anoint to be king over Israel: and Elisha the son of Shaphat of Abelmeholah shall you anoint to be prophet in your room.
Genesis 18:33	And the LORD went his way, as soon as he had left communing with Abraham: and Abraham returned to his place.
Jeremiah 48:24	And on Kerioth, and on Bozrah, and on all the cities of the land of Moab, far or near.
Genesis 47:20	And Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh; for the Egyptians sold every man his field, because the famine prevailed over them: so the land became Pharaoh’s.
Psalm 72:13	He shall spare the poor and needy, and shall save the souls of the needy.
Isaiah 48:4	Because I knew that you are obstinate, and your neck is an iron sinew, and your brow brass;
Numbers 26:48	Of the sons of Naphtali after their families: of Jahzeel, the family of the Jahzeelites: of Guni, the family of the Gunites:
1 Timothy 3:12	Let the deacons be the husbands of one wife, ruling their children and their own houses well.
Psalm 12:3	The LORD shall cut off all flattering lips, and the tongue that speaks proud things:
Matthew 12:16	And charged them that they should not make him known:
Galatians 5:5	For we through the Spirit wait for the hope of righteousness by faith.
Ezekiel 13:13	Therefore thus said the Lord GOD; I will even rend it with a stormy wind in my fury; and there shall be an overflowing shower in my anger, and great hailstones in my fury to consume it.
1 Chronicles 12:2	They were armed with bows, and could use both the right hand and the left in hurling stones and shooting arrows out of a bow, even of Saul’s brothers of Benjamin.
1 Chronicles 9:11	And Azariah the son of Hilkiah, the son of Meshullam, the son of Zadok, the son of Meraioth, the son of Ahitub, the ruler of the house of God;
Matthew 8:18	Now when Jesus saw great multitudes about him, he gave commandment to depart to the other side.
Zechariah 11:15	And the LORD said to me, Take to you yet the instruments of a foolish shepherd.
Joshua 13:9	From Aroer, that is on the bank of the river Arnon, and the city that is in the middle of the river, and all the plain of Medeba to Dibon;
Psalm 22:21	Save me from the lion’s mouth: for you have heard me from the horns of the unicorns.
2 Kings 7:2	Then a lord on whose hand the king leaned answered the man of God, and said, Behold, if the LORD would make windows in heaven, might this thing be? And he said, Behold, you shall see it with your eyes, but shall not eat thereof.
Proverbs 20:8	A king that sits in the throne of judgment scatters away all evil with his eyes.
Matthew 15:30	And great multitudes came to him, having with them those that were lame, blind, dumb, maimed, and many others, and cast them down at Jesus’ feet; and he healed them:
1 Samuel 17:2	And Saul and the men of Israel were gathered together, and pitched by the valley of Elah, and set the battle in array against the Philistines.
2 Samuel 14:6	And your handmaid had two sons, and they two strove together in the field, and there was none to part them, but the one smote the other, and slew him.
1 Chronicles 26:14	And the lot eastward fell to Shelemiah. Then for Zechariah his son, a wise counselor, they cast lots; and his lot came out northward.
Proverbs 2:12	To deliver you from the way of the evil man, from the man that speaks fraudulent things;
Proverbs 25:6	Put not forth yourself in the presence of the king, and stand not in the place of great men:
2 Kings 6:21	And the king of Israel said to Elisha, when he saw them, My father, shall I smite them? shall I smite them?
Ezra 10:20	And of the sons of Immer; Hanani, and Zebadiah.
Acts 19:34	But when they knew that he was a Jew, all with one voice about the space of two hours cried out, Great is Diana of the Ephesians.
Isaiah 30:16	But you said, No; for we will flee on horses; therefore shall you flee: and, We will ride on the swift; therefore shall they that pursue you be swift.
Deuteronomy 11:2	And know you this day: for I speak not with your children which have not known, and which have not seen the chastisement of the LORD your God, his greatness, his mighty hand, and his stretched out arm,
Genesis 29:5	And he said to them, Know you Laban the son of Nahor? And they said, We know him.
Psalm 3:6	I will not be afraid of ten thousands of people, that have set themselves against me round about.
Daniel 3:7	Therefore at that time, when all the people heard the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and all kinds of music, all the people, the nations, and the languages, fell down and worshipped the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up.
Zechariah 8:21	And the inhabitants of one city shall go to another, saying, Let us go speedily to pray before the LORD, and to seek the LORD of hosts: I will go also.
Matthew 21:29	He answered and said, I will not: but afterward he repented, and went.
Micah 2:5	Therefore you shall have none that shall cast a cord by lot in the congregation of the LORD.
Numbers 16:15	And Moses was very wroth, and said to the LORD, Respect not you their offering: I have not taken one ass from them, neither have I hurt one of them.
Proverbs 22:2	The rich and poor meet together: the LORD is the maker of them all.
Luke 20:20	And they watched him, and sent forth spies, which should feign themselves just men, that they might take hold of his words, that so they might deliver him to the power and authority of the governor.
Luke 5:39	No man also having drunk old wine straightway desires new: for he said, The old is better.
Luke 14:18	And they all with one consent began to make excuse. The first said to him, I have bought a piece of ground, and I must needs go and see it: I pray you have me excused.
2 Chronicles 24:26	And these are they that conspired against him; Zabad the son of Shimeath an Ammonitess, and Jehozabad the son of Shimrith a Moabitess.
Psalm 55:10	Day and night they go about it on the walls thereof: mischief also and sorrow are in the middle of it.
Proverbs 1:3	To receive the instruction of wisdom, justice, and judgment, and equity;
Ezekiel 44:18	They shall have linen bonnets on their heads, and shall have linen breeches on their loins; they shall not gird themselves with any thing that causes sweat.
Psalm 67:6	Then shall the earth yield her increase; and God, even our own God, shall bless us.
Psalm 114:8	Which turned the rock into a standing water, the flint into a fountain of waters.
Judges 15:7	And Samson said to them, Though you have done this, yet will I be avenged of you, and after that I will cease.
Joshua 10:30	And the LORD delivered it also, and the king thereof, into the hand of Israel; and he smote it with the edge of the sword, and all the souls that were therein; he let none remain in it; but did to the king thereof as he did to the king of Jericho.
Judges 18:29	And they called the name of the city Dan, after the name of Dan their father, who was born to Israel: however, the name of the city was Laish at the first.
Ezra 2:53	The children of Barkos, the children of Sisera, the children of Thamah,
Psalm 19:6	His going forth is from the end of the heaven, and his circuit to the ends of it: and there is nothing hid from the heat thereof.
Psalm 77:6	I call to remembrance my song in the night: I commune with my own heart: and my spirit made diligent search.
1 Kings 22:22	And the LORD said to him, With which? And he said, I will go forth, and I will be a lying spirit in the mouth of all his prophets. And he said, You shall persuade him, and prevail also: go forth, and do so.
Job 7:3	So am I made to possess months of vanity, and wearisome nights are appointed to me.
Isaiah 14:1	For the LORD will have mercy on Jacob, and will yet choose Israel, and set them in their own land: and the strangers shall be joined with them, and they shall join to the house of Jacob.
Isaiah 18:4	For so the LORD said to me, I will take my rest, and I will consider in my dwelling place like a clear heat on herbs, and like a cloud of dew in the heat of harvest.
Psalm 44:13	You make us a reproach to our neighbors, a scorn and a derision to them that are round about us.
2 Chronicles 26:9	Moreover Uzziah built towers in Jerusalem at the corner gate, and at the valley gate, and at the turning of the wall, and fortified them.
Deuteronomy 2:18	You are to pass over through Ar, the coast of Moab, this day:
2 Chronicles 28:22	And in the time of his distress did he trespass yet more against the LORD: this is that king Ahaz.
Job 12:3	But I have understanding as well as you; I am not inferior to you: yes, who knows not such things as these?
Leviticus 23:12	And you shall offer that day when you wave the sheaf an he lamb without blemish of the first year for a burnt offering to the LORD.
Ezekiel 2:2	And the spirit entered into me when he spoke to me, and set me on my feet, that I heard him that spoke to me.
John 13:22	Then the disciples looked one on another, doubting of whom he spoke.
Numbers 3:29	The families of the sons of Kohath shall pitch on the side of the tabernacle southward.
Genesis 20:8	Therefore Abimelech rose early in the morning, and called all his servants, and told all these things in their ears: and the men were sore afraid.
Romans 11:18	Boast not against the branches. But if you boast, you bore not the root, but the root you.
Jeremiah 4:3	For thus said the LORD to the men of Judah and Jerusalem, Break up your fallow ground, and sow not among thorns.
1 Samuel 11:5	And, behold, Saul came after the herd out of the field; and Saul said, What ails the people that they weep? And they told him the tidings of the men of Jabesh.
Judges 19:4	And his father in law, the damsel’s father, retained him; and he stayed with him three days: so they did eat and drink, and lodged there.
Psalm 80:19	Turn us again, O LORD God of hosts, cause your face to shine; and we shall be saved.
Isaiah 24:9	They shall not drink wine with a song; strong drink shall be bitter to them that drink it.
Leviticus 21:24	And Moses told it to Aaron, and to his sons, and to all the children of Israel.
Ecclesiastes 7:2	It is better to go to the house of mourning, than to go to the house of feasting: for that is the end of all men; and the living will lay it to his heart.
Psalm 96:10	Say among the heathen that the LORD reigns: the world also shall be established that it shall not be moved: he shall judge the people righteously.
Jeremiah 11:5	That I may perform the oath which I have sworn to your fathers, to give them a land flowing with milk and honey, as it is this day. Then answered I, and said, So be it, O LORD.
Ezekiel 11:22	Then did the cherubim lift up their wings, and the wheels beside them; and the glory of the God of Israel was over them above.
Proverbs 17:19	He loves transgression that loves strife: and he that exalts his gate seeks destruction.
Ezekiel 20:21	Notwithstanding the children rebelled against me: they walked not in my statutes, neither kept my judgments to do them, which if a man do, he shall even live in them; they polluted my sabbaths: then I said, I would pour out my fury on them, to accomplish my anger against them in the wilderness.
Joshua 10:14	And there was no day like that before it or after it, that the LORD listened to the voice of a man: for the LORD fought for Israel.
Exodus 22:8	If the thief be not found, then the master of the house shall be brought to the judges, to see whether he have put his hand to his neighbor’s goods.
Esther 9:2	The Jews gathered themselves together in their cities throughout all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus, to lay hand on such as sought their hurt: and no man could withstand them; for the fear of them fell on all people.
Exodus 2:13	And when he went out the second day, behold, two men of the Hebrews strove together: and he said to him that did the wrong, Why smite you your fellow?
Judges 16:15	And she said to him, How can you say, I love you, when your heart is not with me? you have mocked me these three times, and have not told me wherein your great strength lies.
Psalm 79:6	Pour out your wrath on the heathen that have not known you, and on the kingdoms that have not called on your name.
Malachi 2:2	If you will not hear, and if you will not lay it to heart, to give glory to my name, said the LORD of hosts, I will even send a curse on you, and I will curse your blessings: yes, I have cursed them already, because you do not lay it to heart.
Job 31:30	Neither have I suffered my mouth to sin by wishing a curse to his soul.
Zechariah 7:3	And to speak to the priests which were in the house of the LORD of hosts, and to the prophets, saying, Should I weep in the fifth month, separating myself, as I have done these so many years?
Joshua 5:7	And their children, whom he raised up in their stead, them Joshua circumcised: for they were uncircumcised, because they had not circumcised them by the way.
Ezekiel 23:13	Then I saw that she was defiled, that they took both one way,
Genesis 16:3	And Sarai Abram’s wife took Hagar her maid the Egyptian, after Abram had dwelled ten years in the land of Canaan, and gave her to her husband Abram to be his wife.
1 Kings 13:6	And the king answered and said to the man of God, Entreat now the face of the LORD your God, and pray for me, that my hand may be restored me again. And the man of God sought the LORD, and the king’s hand was restored him again, and became as it was before.
Psalm 8:4	What is man, that you are mindful of him? and the son of man, that you visit him?
Job 11:12	For vain men would be wise, though man be born like a wild ass’s colt.
Genesis 43:33	And they sat before him, the firstborn according to his birthright, and the youngest according to his youth: and the men marveled one at another.
Deuteronomy 20:10	When you come near to a city to fight against it, then proclaim peace to it.
Deuteronomy 22:30	A man shall not take his father’s wife, nor discover his father’s skirt.
Philippians 2:15	That you may be blameless and harmless, the sons of God, without rebuke, in the middle of a crooked and perverse nation, among whom you shine as lights in the world;
Jeremiah 22:24	As I live, said the LORD, though Coniah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah were the signet on my right hand, yet would I pluck you there;
Luke 18:14	I tell you, this man went down to his house justified rather than the other: for every one that exalts himself shall be abased; and he that humbles himself shall be exalted.
Leviticus 23:32	It shall be to you a sabbath of rest, and you shall afflict your souls: in the ninth day of the month at even, from even to even, shall you celebrate your sabbath.
Deuteronomy 21:20	And they shall say to the elders of his city, This our son is stubborn and rebellious, he will not obey our voice; he is a glutton, and a drunkard.
Joshua 1:4	From the wilderness and this Lebanon even to the great river, the river Euphrates, all the land of the Hittites, and to the great sea toward the going down of the sun, shall be your coast.
Ephesians 5:17	Why be you not unwise, but understanding what the will of the Lord is.
Exodus 19:3	And Moses went up to God, and the LORD called to him out of the mountain, saying, Thus shall you say to the house of Jacob, and tell the children of Israel;
Psalm 139:19	Surely you will slay the wicked, O God: depart from me therefore, you bloody men.
Acts 2:44	And all that believed were together, and had all things common;
John 2:14	And found in the temple those that sold oxen and sheep and doves, and the changers of money sitting:
Ezekiel 18:8	He that has not given forth on usury, neither has taken any increase, that has withdrawn his hand from iniquity, has executed true judgment between man and man,
Numbers 1:26	Of the children of Judah, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Jeremiah 14:4	Because the ground is beat down, for there was no rain in the earth, the plowmen were ashamed, they covered their heads.
Zechariah 8:4	Thus said the LORD of hosts; There shall yet old men and old women dwell in the streets of Jerusalem, and every man with his staff in his hand for very age.
Jeremiah 48:37	For every head shall be bald, and every beard clipped: on all the hands shall be cuttings, and on the loins sackcloth.
Psalm 63:7	Because you have been my help, therefore in the shadow of your wings will I rejoice.
Deuteronomy 32:25	The sword without, and terror within, shall destroy both the young man and the virgin, the suckling also with the man of gray hairs.
Job 21:25	And another dies in the bitterness of his soul, and never eats with pleasure.
Genesis 25:10	The field which Abraham purchased of the sons of Heth: there was Abraham buried, and Sarah his wife.
Deuteronomy 28:64	And the LORD shall scatter you among all people, from the one end of the earth even to the other; and there you shall serve other gods, which neither you nor your fathers have known, even wood and stone.
Ezekiel 17:21	And all his fugitives with all his bands shall fall by the sword, and they that remain shall be scattered toward all winds: and you shall know that I the LORD have spoken it.
Psalm 96:1	O sing to the LORD a new song: sing to the LORD, all the earth.
Joshua 18:4	Give out from among you three men for each tribe: and I will send them, and they shall rise, and go through the land, and describe it according to the inheritance of them; and they shall come again to me.
Proverbs 26:16	The sluggard is wiser in his own conceit than seven men that can render a reason.
2 Kings 2:5	And the sons of the prophets that were at Jericho came to Elisha, and said to him, Know you that the LORD will take away your master from your head to day? And he answered, Yes, I know it; hold you your peace.
Psalm 145:14	The LORD upholds all that fall, and raises up all those that be bowed down.
Acts 11:11	And, behold, immediately there were three men already come to the house where I was, sent from Caesarea to me.
Deuteronomy 30:11	For this commandment which I command you this day, it is not hidden from you, neither is it far off.
1 Chronicles 13:9	And when they came to the threshing floor of Chidon, Uzza put forth his hand to hold the ark; for the oxen stumbled.
John 10:10	The thief comes not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly.
Leviticus 11:6	And the hare, because he chews the cud, but divides not the hoof; he is unclean to you.
Joshua 19:13	And from there passes on along on the east to Gittahhepher, to Ittahkazin, and goes out to Remmonmethoar to Neah;
Genesis 27:41	And Esau hated Jacob because of the blessing with which his father blessed him: and Esau said in his heart, The days of mourning for my father are at hand; then will I slay my brother Jacob.
Numbers 24:19	Out of Jacob shall come he that shall have dominion, and shall destroy him that remains of the city.
Psalm 136:2	O give thanks to the God of gods: for his mercy endures for ever.
1 Thessalonians 2:3	For our exhortation was not of deceit, nor of uncleanness, nor in guile:
1 Chronicles 15:14	So the priests and the Levites sanctified themselves to bring up the ark of the LORD God of Israel.
2 Samuel 1:5	And David said to the young man that told him, How know you that Saul and Jonathan his son be dead?
Numbers 1:12	Of Dan; Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai.
Psalm 107:30	Then are they glad because they be quiet; so he brings them to their desired haven.
Jeremiah 32:23	And they came in, and possessed it; but they obeyed not your voice, neither walked in your law; they have done nothing of all that you commanded them to do: therefore you have caused all this evil to come on them:
Revelation 1:6	And has made us kings and priests to God and his Father; to him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.
Matthew 26:31	Then said Jesus to them, All you shall be offended because of me this night: for it is written, I will smite the shepherd, and the sheep of the flock shall be scattered abroad.
Nehemiah 4:12	And it came to pass, that when the Jews which dwelled by them came, they said to us ten times, From all places from where you shall return to us they will be on you.
Ezekiel 23:24	And they shall come against you with chariots, wagons, and wheels, and with an assembly of people, which shall set against you buckler and shield and helmet round about: and I will set judgment before them, and they shall judge you according to their judgments.
1 Corinthians 10:8	Neither let us commit fornication, as some of them committed, and fell in one day three and twenty thousand.
Numbers 11:7	And the manna was as coriander seed, and the color thereof as the color of bdellium.
Job 36:3	I will fetch my knowledge from afar, and will ascribe righteousness to my Maker.
Isaiah 66:21	And I will also take of them for priests and for Levites, said the LORD.
2 Kings 8:9	So Hazael went to meet him, and took a present with him, even of every good thing of Damascus, forty camels’ burden, and came and stood before him, and said, Your son Benhadad king of Syria has sent me to you, saying, Shall I recover of this disease?
2 Chronicles 9:24	And they brought every man his present, vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and raiment, harness, and spices, horses, and mules, a rate year by year.
Psalm 85:1	Lord, you have been favorable to your land: you have brought back the captivity of Jacob.
Psalm 21:6	For you have made him most blessed for ever: you have made him exceeding glad with your countenance.
Ezekiel 16:34	And the contrary is in you from other women in your prostitutions, whereas none follows you to commit prostitutions: and in that you give a reward, and no reward is given to you, therefore you are contrary.
Acts 10:33	Immediately therefore I sent to you; and you have well done that you are come. Now therefore are we all here present before God, to hear all things that are commanded you of God.
John 2:19	Jesus answered and said to them, Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up.
Genesis 31:15	Are we not counted of him strangers? for he has sold us, and has quite devoured also our money.
2 Samuel 14:10	And the king said, Whoever said ought to you, bring him to me, and he shall not touch you any more.
1 Samuel 8:15	And he will take the tenth of your seed, and of your vineyards, and give to his officers, and to his servants.
1 Kings 8:39	Then hear you in heaven your dwelling place, and forgive, and do, and give to every man according to his ways, whose heart you know; (for you, even you only, know the hearts of all the children of men;)
Proverbs 24:15	Lay not wait, O wicked man, against the dwelling of the righteous; spoil not his resting place:
Psalm 119:111	Your testimonies have I taken as an heritage for ever: for they are the rejoicing of my heart.
Numbers 18:9	This shall be your of the most holy things, reserved from the fire: every oblation of theirs, every meat offering of theirs, and every sin offering of theirs, and every trespass offering of theirs which they shall render to me, shall be most holy for you and for your sons.
Deuteronomy 25:16	For all that do such things, and all that do unrighteously, are an abomination to the LORD your God.
Numbers 16:38	The censers of these sinners against their own souls, let them make them broad plates for a covering of the altar: for they offered them before the LORD, therefore they are hallowed: and they shall be a sign to the children of Israel.
1 Kings 20:26	And it came to pass at the return of the year, that Benhadad numbered the Syrians, and went up to Aphek, to fight against Israel.
Jeremiah 31:15	Thus said the LORD; A voice was heard in Ramah, lamentation, and bitter weeping; Rahel weeping for her children refused to be comforted for her children, because they were not.
Acts 4:15	But when they had commanded them to go aside out of the council, they conferred among themselves,
Genesis 16:7	And the angel of the LORD found her by a fountain of water in the wilderness, by the fountain in the way to Shur.
Jeremiah 52:2	And he did that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD, according to all that Jehoiakim had done.
Lamentations 5:22	But you have utterly rejected us; you are very wroth against us.
Job 1:22	In all this Job sinned not, nor charged God foolishly.
John 1:37	And the two disciples heard him speak, and they followed Jesus.
1 Samuel 10:22	Therefore they inquired of the LORD further, if the man should yet come thither. And the LORD answered, Behold he has hid himself among the stuff.
Nehemiah 8:7	Also Jeshua, and Bani, and Sherebiah, Jamin, Akkub, Shabbethai, Hodijah, Maaseiah, Kelita, Azariah, Jozabad, Hanan, Pelaiah, and the Levites, caused the people to understand the law: and the people stood in their place.
2 Chronicles 13:17	And Abijah and his people slew them with a great slaughter: so there fell down slain of Israel five hundred thousand chosen men.
Mark 10:30	But he shall receive an hundred times now in this time, houses, and brothers, and sisters, and mothers, and children, and lands, with persecutions; and in the world to come eternal life.
Psalm 146:3	Put not your trust in princes, nor in the son of man, in whom there is no help.
2 Corinthians 11:12	But what I do, that I will do, that I may cut off occasion from them which desire occasion; that wherein they glory, they may be found even as we.
John 6:52	The Jews therefore strove among themselves, saying, How can this man give us his flesh to eat?
Numbers 15:34	And they put him in ward, because it was not declared what should be done to him.
Proverbs 12:28	In the way of righteousness is life: and in the pathway thereof there is no death.
Job 6:27	Yes, you overwhelm the fatherless, and you dig a pit for your friend.
Luke 24:11	And their words seemed to them as idle tales, and they believed them not.
Lamentations 2:12	They say to their mothers, Where is corn and wine? when they swooned as the wounded in the streets of the city, when their soul was poured out into their mothers’ bosom.
2 Kings 25:19	And out of the city he took an officer that was set over the men of war, and five men of them that were in the king’s presence, which were found in the city, and the principal scribe of the host, which mustered the people of the land, and three score men of the people of the land that were found in the city:
Exodus 5:10	And the taskmasters of the people went out, and their officers, and they spoke to the people, saying, Thus said Pharaoh, I will not give you straw.
1 Thessalonians 2:13	For this cause also thank we God without ceasing, because, when you received the word of God which you heard of us, you received it not as the word of men, but as it is in truth, the word of God, which effectually works also in you that believe.
Judges 14:4	But his father and his mother knew not that it was of the LORD, that he sought an occasion against the Philistines: for at that time the Philistines had dominion over Israel.
2 Timothy 3:4	Traitors, heady, high minded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God;
Leviticus 22:10	There shall no stranger eat of the holy thing: a sojourner of the priest, or an hired servant, shall not eat of the holy thing.
Ezekiel 47:9	And it shall come to pass, that every thing that lives, which moves, wherever the rivers shall come, shall live: and there shall be a very great multitude of fish, because these waters shall come thither: for they shall be healed; and every thing shall live where the river comes.
Ezekiel 36:12	Yes, I will cause men to walk on you, even my people Israel; and they shall possess you, and you shall be their inheritance, and you shall no more from now on bereave them of men.
Lamentations 2:6	And he has violently taken away his tabernacle, as if it were of a garden: he has destroyed his places of the assembly: the LORD has caused the solemn feasts and sabbaths to be forgotten in Zion, and has despised in the indignation of his anger the king and the priest.
2 Kings 4:16	And he said, About this season, according to the time of life, you shall embrace a son. And she said, No, my lord, you man of God, do not lie to your handmaid.
1 Chronicles 1:34	And Abraham begat Isaac. The sons of Isaac; Esau and Israel.
Genesis 32:16	And he delivered them into the hand of his servants, every drove by themselves; and said to his servants, Pass over before me, and put a space between drove and drove.
Nehemiah 7:46	The Nethinims: the children of Ziha, the children of Hashupha, the children of Tabbaoth,
Ezekiel 45:3	And of this measure shall you measure the length of five and twenty thousand, and the breadth of ten thousand: and in it shall be the sanctuary and the most holy place.
Jeremiah 3:4	Will you not from this time cry to me, My father, you are the guide of my youth?
Daniel 11:44	But tidings out of the east and out of the north shall trouble him: therefore he shall go forth with great fury to destroy, and utterly to make away many.
Habakkuk 1:16	Therefore they sacrifice to their net, and burn incense to their drag; because by them their portion is fat, and their meat plenteous.
Mark 15:30	Save yourself, and come down from the cross.
Exodus 27:2	And you shall make the horns of it on the four corners thereof: his horns shall be of the same: and you shall overlay it with brass.
Numbers 21:15	And at the stream of the brooks that goes down to the dwelling of Ar, and lies on the border of Moab.
1 Corinthians 13:2	And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing.
Jeremiah 37:1	And king Zedekiah the son of Josiah reigned instead of Coniah the son of Jehoiakim, whom Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon made king in the land of Judah.
James 4:9	Be afflicted, and mourn, and weep: let your laughter be turned to mourning, and your joy to heaviness.
Joshua 22:13	And the children of Israel sent to the children of Reuben, and to the children of Gad, and to the half tribe of Manasseh, into the land of Gilead, Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest,
Job 9:32	For he is not a man, as I am, that I should answer him, and we should come together in judgment.
John 9:2	And his disciples asked him, saying, Master, who did sin, this man, or his parents, that he was born blind?
2 Samuel 1:27	How are the mighty fallen, and the weapons of war perished!
Ezekiel 1:21	When those went, these went; and when those stood, these stood; and when those were lifted up from the earth, the wheels were lifted up over against them: for the spirit of the living creature was in the wheels.
Psalm 73:28	But it is good for me to draw near to God: I have put my trust in the Lord GOD, that I may declare all your works.
Mark 14:31	But he spoke the more vehemently, If I should die with you, I will not deny you in any wise. Likewise also said they all.
Matthew 7:15	Beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep’s clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves.
1 Samuel 2:18	But Samuel ministered before the LORD, being a child, girded with a linen ephod.
Psalm 139:13	For you have possessed my reins: you have covered me in my mother’s womb.
Jeremiah 48:38	There shall be lamentation generally on all the housetops of Moab, and in the streets thereof: for I have broken Moab like a vessel wherein is no pleasure, said the LORD.
Zechariah 3:5	And I said, Let them set a fair turban on his head. So they set a fair turban on his head, and clothed him with garments. And the angel of the LORD stood by.
Isaiah 37:22	This is the word which the LORD has spoken concerning him; The virgin, the daughter of Zion, has despised you, and laughed you to scorn; the daughter of Jerusalem has shaken her head at you.
Isaiah 33:3	At the noise of the tumult the people fled; at the lifting up of yourself the nations were scattered.
1 Peter 2:17	Honor all men. Love the brotherhood. Fear God. Honor the king.
Isaiah 6:6	Then flew one of the seraphim to me, having a live coal in his hand, which he had taken with the tongs from off the altar:
2 Chronicles 28:27	And Ahaz slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city, even in Jerusalem: but they brought him not into the sepulchers of the kings of Israel: and Hezekiah his son reigned in his stead.
1 Peter 5:9	Whom resist steadfast in the faith, knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brothers that are in the world.
Job 15:30	He shall not depart out of darkness; the flame shall dry up his branches, and by the breath of his mouth shall he go away.
Isaiah 37:33	Therefore thus said the LORD concerning the king of Assyria, He shall not come into this city, nor shoot an arrow there, nor come before it with shields, nor cast a bank against it.
Psalm 20:7	Some trust in chariots, and some in horses: but we will remember the name of the LORD our God.
Deuteronomy 32:11	As an eagle stirs up her nest, flutters over her young, spreads abroad her wings, takes them, bears them on her wings:
Jeremiah 51:19	The portion of Jacob is not like them; for he is the former of all things: and Israel is the rod of his inheritance: the LORD of hosts is his name.
Acts 18:24	And a certain Jew named Apollos, born at Alexandria, an eloquent man, and mighty in the scriptures, came to Ephesus.
Psalm 21:5	His glory is great in your salvation: honor and majesty have you laid on him.
Deuteronomy 1:19	And when we departed from Horeb, we went through all that great and terrible wilderness, which you saw by the way of the mountain of the Amorites, as the LORD our God commanded us; and we came to Kadeshbarnea.
Romans 3:7	For if the truth of God has more abounded through my lie to his glory; why yet am I also judged as a sinner?
Deuteronomy 6:4	Hear, O Israel: The LORD our God is one LORD:
Ecclesiastes 2:20	Therefore I went about to cause my heart to despair of all the labor which I took under the sun.
John 19:29	Now there was set a vessel full of vinegar: and they filled a sponge with vinegar, and put it on hyssop, and put it to his mouth.
Psalm 7:1	O LORD my God, in you do I put my trust: save me from all them that persecute me, and deliver me:
Ezekiel 28:23	For I will send into her pestilence, and blood into her streets; and the wounded shall be judged in the middle of her by the sword on her on every side; and they shall know that I am the LORD.
2 Chronicles 21:13	But have walked in the way of the kings of Israel, and have made Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem to go a whoring, like to the prostitutions of the house of Ahab, and also have slain your brothers of your father’s house, which were better than yourself:
Ezra 2:46	The children of Hagab, the children of Shalmai, the children of Hanan,
Zechariah 14:15	And so shall be the plague of the horse, of the mule, of the camel, and of the ass, and of all the beasts that shall be in these tents, as this plague.
Matthew 10:29	Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing? and one of them shall not fall on the ground without your Father.
Isaiah 1:7	Your country is desolate, your cities are burned with fire: your land, strangers devour it in your presence, and it is desolate, as overthrown by strangers.
Judges 15:6	Then the Philistines said, Who has done this? And they answered, Samson, the son in law of the Timnite, because he had taken his wife, and given her to his companion. And the Philistines came up, and burnt her and her father with fire.
Acts 26:10	Which thing I also did in Jerusalem: and many of the saints did I shut up in prison, having received authority from the chief priests; and when they were put to death, I gave my voice against them.
Acts 5:3	But Peter said, Ananias, why has Satan filled your heart to lie to the Holy Ghost, and to keep back part of the price of the land?
Leviticus 22:31	Therefore shall you keep my commandments, and do them: I am the LORD.
Exodus 6:5	And I have also heard the groaning of the children of Israel, whom the Egyptians keep in bondage; and I have remembered my covenant.
2 Kings 1:2	And Ahaziah fell down through a lattice in his upper chamber that was in Samaria, and was sick: and he sent messengers, and said to them, Go, inquire of Baalzebub the god of Ekron whether I shall recover of this disease.
Mark 8:21	And he said to them, How is it that you do not understand?
Jonah 3:8	But let man and beast be covered with sackcloth, and cry mightily to God: yes, let them turn every one from his evil way, and from the violence that is in their hands.
2 Samuel 12:4	And there came a travelers to the rich man, and he spared to take of his own flock and of his own herd, to dress for the wayfaring man that was come to him; but took the poor man’s lamb, and dressed it for the man that was come to him.
Leviticus 8:18	And he brought the ram for the burnt offering: and Aaron and his sons laid their hands on the head of the ram.
Romans 4:3	For what said the scripture? Abraham believed God, and it was counted to him for righteousness.
Revelation 21:22	And I saw no temple therein: for the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are the temple of it.
Exodus 6:12	And Moses spoke before the LORD, saying, Behold, the children of Israel have not listened to me; how then shall Pharaoh hear me, who am of uncircumcised lips?
Ezra 10:34	Of the sons of Bani; Maadai, Amram, and Uel,
Ezekiel 35:1	Moreover the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Psalm 42:3	My tears have been my meat day and night, while they continually say to me, Where is your God?
Ezekiel 19:3	And she brought up one of her whelps: it became a young lion, and it learned to catch the prey; it devoured men.
2 Chronicles 30:22	And Hezekiah spoke comfortably to all the Levites that taught the good knowledge of the LORD: and they did eat throughout the feast seven days, offering peace offerings, and making confession to the LORD God of their fathers.
Job 41:21	His breath kindles coals, and a flame goes out of his mouth.
Psalm 54:6	I will freely sacrifice to you: I will praise your name, O LORD; for it is good.
Acts 11:20	And some of them were men of Cyprus and Cyrene, which, when they were come to Antioch, spoke to the Grecians, preaching the LORD Jesus.
Proverbs 14:23	In all labor there is profit: but the talk of the lips tends only to penury.
Mark 1:1	The beginning of the gospel of Jesus Christ, the Son of God;
Luke 23:16	I will therefore chastise him, and release him.
Numbers 30:13	Every vow, and every binding oath to afflict the soul, her husband may establish it, or her husband may make it void.
Numbers 27:21	And he shall stand before Eleazar the priest, who shall ask counsel for him after the judgment of Urim before the LORD: at his word shall they go out, and at his word they shall come in, both he, and all the children of Israel with him, even all the congregation.
Isaiah 30:33	For Tophet is ordained of old; yes, for the king it is prepared; he has made it deep and large: the pile thereof is fire and much wood; the breath of the LORD, like a stream of brimstone, does kindle it.
Isaiah 40:19	The workman melts a graven image, and the goldsmith spreads it over with gold, and casts silver chains.
Zechariah 3:10	In that day, said the LORD of hosts, shall you call every man his neighbor under the vine and under the fig tree.
2 Chronicles 15:16	And also concerning Maachah the mother of Asa the king, he removed her from being queen, because she had made an idol in a grove: and Asa cut down her idol, and stamped it, and burnt it at the brook Kidron.
Judges 4:20	Again he said to her, Stand in the door of the tent, and it shall be, when any man does come and inquire of you, and say, Is there any man here? that you shall say, No.
Matthew 10:28	And fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul: but rather fear him which is able to destroy both soul and body in hell.
1 Corinthians 11:24	And when he had given thanks, he broke it, and said, Take, eat: this is my body, which is broken for you: this do in remembrance of me.
Numbers 11:28	And Joshua the son of Nun, the servant of Moses, one of his young men, answered and said, My lord Moses, forbid them.
2 Chronicles 26:3	Sixteen years old was Uzziah when he began to reign, and he reigned fifty and two years in Jerusalem. His mother’s name also was Jecoliah of Jerusalem.
Leviticus 13:9	When the plague of leprosy is in a man, then he shall be brought to the priest;
Micah 2:10	Arise you, and depart; for this is not your rest: because it is polluted, it shall destroy you, even with a sore destruction.
Nehemiah 9:16	But they and our fathers dealt proudly, and hardened their necks, and listened not to your commandments,
Galatians 4:7	Why you are no more a servant, but a son; and if a son, then an heir of God through Christ.
Psalm 98:2	The LORD has made known his salvation: his righteousness has he openly showed in the sight of the heathen.
Zechariah 2:2	Then said I, Where go you? And he said to me, To measure Jerusalem, to see what is the breadth thereof, and what is the length thereof.
Haggai 1:13	Then spoke Haggai the LORD’s messenger in the LORD’s message to the people, saying, I am with you, said the LORD.
Exodus 1:16	And he said, When you do the office of a midwife to the Hebrew women, and see them on the stools; if it be a son, then you shall kill him: but if it be a daughter, then she shall live.
Matthew 11:17	And saying, We have piped to you, and you have not danced; we have mourned to you, and you have not lamented.
Deuteronomy 3:8	And we took at that time out of the hand of the two kings of the Amorites the land that was on this side Jordan, from the river of Arnon to mount Hermon;
2 Kings 15:37	In those days the LORD began to send against Judah Rezin the king of Syria, and Pekah the son of Remaliah.
Ezekiel 43:12	This is the law of the house; On the top of the mountain the whole limit thereof round about shall be most holy. Behold, this is the law of the house.
Genesis 31:1	And he heard the words of Laban’s sons, saying, Jacob has taken away all that was our father’s; and of that which was our father’s has he gotten all this glory.
Revelation 6:13	And the stars of heaven fell to the earth, even as a fig tree casts her untimely figs, when she is shaken of a mighty wind.
Leviticus 16:11	And Aaron shall bring the bullock of the sin offering, which is for himself, and shall make an atonement for himself, and for his house, and shall kill the bullock of the sin offering which is for himself:
2 Kings 14:19	Now they made a conspiracy against him in Jerusalem: and he fled to Lachish; but they sent after him to Lachish, and slew him there.
John 21:16	He said to him again the second time, Simon, son of Jonas, love you me? He said to him, Yes, Lord; you know that I love you. He said to him, Feed my sheep.
John 9:34	They answered and said to him, You were altogether born in sins, and do you teach us? And they cast him out.
Numbers 16:34	And all Israel that were round about them fled at the cry of them: for they said, Lest the earth swallow us up also.
Micah 2:3	Therefore thus said the LORD; Behold, against this family do I devise an evil, from which you shall not remove your necks; neither shall you go haughtily: for this time is evil.
Revelation 1:4	John to the seven churches which are in Asia: Grace be to you, and peace, from him which is, and which was, and which is to come; and from the seven Spirits which are before his throne;
Romans 1:6	Among whom are you also the called of Jesus Christ:
1 Timothy 1:5	Now the end of the commandment is charity out of a pure heart, and of a good conscience, and of faith unfeigned:
Isaiah 38:18	For the grave cannot praise you, death can not celebrate you: they that go down into the pit cannot hope for your truth.
Ecclesiastes 7:1	A good name is better than precious ointment; and the day of death than the day of one’s birth.
Daniel 4:6	Therefore made I a decree to bring in all the wise men of Babylon before me, that they might make known to me the interpretation of the dream.
Micah 4:12	But they know not the thoughts of the LORD, neither understand they his counsel: for he shall gather them as the sheaves into the floor.
Matthew 22:7	But when the king heard thereof, he was wroth: and he sent forth his armies, and destroyed those murderers, and burned up their city.
Mark 3:4	And he said to them, Is it lawful to do good on the sabbath days, or to do evil? to save life, or to kill? But they held their peace.
Leviticus 15:21	And whoever touches her bed shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.
Jeremiah 33:17	For thus said the LORD; David shall never want a man to sit on the throne of the house of Israel;
Genesis 11:5	And the LORD came down to see the city and the tower, which the children of men built.
Esther 1:15	What shall we do to the queen Vashti according to law, because she has not performed the commandment of the king Ahasuerus by the chamberlains?
Isaiah 34:13	And thorns shall come up in her palaces, nettles and brambles in the fortresses thereof: and it shall be an habitation of dragons, and a court for owls.
1 Corinthians 10:2	And were all baptized to Moses in the cloud and in the sea;
Isaiah 19:18	In that day shall five cities in the land of Egypt speak the language of Canaan, and swear to the LORD of hosts; one shall be called, The city of destruction.
1 Samuel 14:43	Then Saul said to Jonathan, Tell me what you have done. And Jonathan told him, and said, I did but taste a little honey with the end of the rod that was in my hand, and, see, I must die.
Jeremiah 5:23	But this people has a revolting and a rebellious heart; they are revolted and gone.
Lamentations 3:61	You have heard their reproach, O LORD, and all their imaginations against me;
Isaiah 5:7	For the vineyard of the LORD of hosts is the house of Israel, and the men of Judah his pleasant plant: and he looked for judgment, but behold oppression; for righteousness, but behold a cry.
Ecclesiastes 10:8	He that digs a pit shall fall into it; and whoever breaks an hedge, a serpent shall bite him.
Luke 19:31	And if any man ask you, Why do you loose him? thus shall you say to him, Because the Lord has need of him.
Proverbs 3:9	Honor the LORD with your substance, and with the first fruits of all your increase:
2 Corinthians 3:2	You are our letter written in our hearts, known and read of all men:
Numbers 35:27	And the revenger of blood find him without the borders of the city of his refuge, and the revenger of blood kill the slayer; he shall not be guilty of blood:
Isaiah 7:22	And it shall come to pass, for the abundance of milk that they shall give he shall eat butter: for butter and honey shall every one eat that is left in the land.
Daniel 10:18	Then there came again and touched me one like the appearance of a man, and he strengthened me,
Jonah 1:4	But the LORD sent out a great wind into the sea, and there was a mighty tempest in the sea, so that the ship was like to be broken.
Numbers 33:13	And they departed from Dophkah, and encamped in Alush.
Luke 9:32	But Peter and they that were with him were heavy with sleep: and when they were awake, they saw his glory, and the two men that stood with him.
Hosea 4:5	Therefore shall you fall in the day, and the prophet also shall fall with you in the night, and I will destroy your mother.
Jeremiah 16:8	You shall not also go into the house of feasting, to sit with them to eat and to drink.
John 4:12	Are you greater than our father Jacob, which gave us the well, and drank thereof himself, and his children, and his cattle?
Jeremiah 51:16	When he utters his voice, there is a multitude of waters in the heavens; and he causes the vapors to ascend from the ends of the earth: he makes lightning with rain, and brings forth the wind out of his treasures.
Hosea 2:13	And I will visit on her the days of Baalim, wherein she burned incense to them, and she decked herself with her earrings and her jewels, and she went after her lovers, and forgot me, said the LORD.
1 Chronicles 11:44	Uzzia the Ashterathite, Shama and Jehiel the sons of Hothan the Aroerite,
1 Samuel 3:18	And Samuel told him every whit, and hid nothing from him. And he said, It is the LORD: let him do what seems him good.
Genesis 36:20	These are the sons of Seir the Horite, who inhabited the land; Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah,
Psalm 73:7	Their eyes stand out with fatness: they have more than heart could wish.
Micah 3:11	The heads thereof judge for reward, and the priests thereof teach for hire, and the prophets thereof divine for money: yet will they lean on the LORD, and say, Is not the LORD among us? none evil can come on us.
Deuteronomy 33:27	The eternal God is your refuge, and underneath are the everlasting arms: and he shall thrust out the enemy from before you; and shall say, Destroy them.
Jeremiah 1:9	Then the LORD put forth his hand, and touched my mouth. And the LORD said to me, Behold, I have put my words in your mouth.
Judges 3:11	And the land had rest forty years. And Othniel the son of Kenaz died.
John 16:13	However, when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will show you things to come.
Hosea 2:2	Plead with your mother, plead: for she is not my wife, neither am I her husband: let her therefore put away her prostitutions out of her sight, and her adulteries from between her breasts;
2 Kings 10:13	Jehu met with the brothers of Ahaziah king of Judah, and said, Who are you? And they answered, We are the brothers of Ahaziah; and we go down to salute the children of the king and the children of the queen.
Ecclesiastes 6:8	For what has the wise more than the fool? what has the poor, that knows to walk before the living?
Revelation 2:20	Notwithstanding I have a few things against you, because you suffer that woman Jezebel, which calls herself a prophetess, to teach and to seduce my servants to commit fornication, and to eat things sacrificed to idols.
Psalm 89:30	If his children forsake my law, and walk not in my judgments;
Leviticus 13:30	Then the priest shall see the plague: and, behold, if it be in sight deeper than the skin; and there be in it a yellow thin hair; then the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is a dry scale, even a leprosy on the head or beard.
Psalm 57:9	I will praise you, O Lord, among the people: I will sing to you among the nations.
Genesis 29:11	And Jacob kissed Rachel, and lifted up his voice, and wept.
Proverbs 29:5	A man that flatters his neighbor spreads a net for his feet.
Psalm 83:8	Assur also is joined with them: they have helped the children of Lot. Selah.
2 Kings 4:28	Then she said, Did I desire a son of my lord? did I not say, Do not deceive me?
Exodus 19:18	And mount Sinai was altogether on a smoke, because the LORD descended on it in fire: and the smoke thereof ascended as the smoke of a furnace, and the whole mount quaked greatly.
1 Samuel 20:32	And Jonathan answered Saul his father, and said to him, Why shall he be slain? what has he done?
Mark 10:49	And Jesus stood still, and commanded him to be called. And they call the blind man, saying to him, Be of good comfort, rise; he calls you.
2 Kings 20:13	And Hezekiah listened to them, and showed them all the house of his precious things, the silver, and the gold, and the spices, and the precious ointment, and all the house of his armor, and all that was found in his treasures: there was nothing in his house, nor in all his dominion, that Hezekiah showed them not.
Ezekiel 45:18	Thus said the Lord GOD; In the first month, in the first day of the month, you shall take a young bullock without blemish, and cleanse the sanctuary:
Nehemiah 4:16	And it came to pass from that time forth, that the half of my servants worked in the work, and the other half of them held both the spears, the shields, and the bows, and the habergeons; and the rulers were behind all the house of Judah.
Jeremiah 44:23	Because you have burned incense, and because you have sinned against the LORD, and have not obeyed the voice of the LORD, nor walked in his law, nor in his statutes, nor in his testimonies; therefore this evil is happened to you, as at this day.
Ezekiel 35:6	Therefore, as I live, said the Lord GOD, I will prepare you to blood, and blood shall pursue you: since you have not hated blood, even blood shall pursue you.
Deuteronomy 9:21	And I took your sin, the calf which you had made, and burnt it with fire, and stamped it, and ground it very small, even until it was as small as dust: and I cast the dust thereof into the brook that descended out of the mount.
2 Chronicles 24:15	But Jehoiada waxed old, and was full of days when he died; an hundred and thirty years old was he when he died.
Amos 1:13	Thus said the LORD; For three transgressions of the children of Ammon, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they have ripped up the women with child of Gilead, that they might enlarge their border:
Daniel 4:27	Why, O king, let my counsel be acceptable to you, and break off your sins by righteousness, and your iniquities by showing mercy to the poor; if it may be a lengthening of your tranquility.
Exodus 25:13	And you shall make staves of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold.
John 3:36	He that believes on the Son has everlasting life: and he that believes not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of God stays on him.
1 Chronicles 8:39	And the sons of Eshek his brother were, Ulam his firstborn, Jehush the second, and Eliphelet the third.
Ezra 1:8	Even those did Cyrus king of Persia bring forth by the hand of Mithredath the treasurer, and numbered them to Sheshbazzar, the prince of Judah.
1 Thessalonians 5:8	But let us, who are of the day, be sober, putting on the breastplate of faith and love; and for an helmet, the hope of salvation.
Joshua 19:50	According to the word of the LORD they gave him the city which he asked, even Timnathserah in mount Ephraim: and he built the city, and dwelled therein.
Lamentations 3:63	Behold their sitting down, and their rising up; I am their music.
Proverbs 31:6	Give strong drink to him that is ready to perish, and wine to those that be of heavy hearts.
1 Timothy 1:19	Holding faith, and a good conscience; which some having put away concerning faith have made shipwreck:
Proverbs 16:12	It is an abomination to kings to commit wickedness: for the throne is established by righteousness.
Genesis 19:18	And Lot said to them, Oh, not so, my LORD:
Ecclesiastes 2:24	There is nothing better for a man, than that he should eat and drink, and that he should make his soul enjoy good in his labor. This also I saw, that it was from the hand of God.
1 Chronicles 15:10	Of the sons of Uzziel; Amminadab the chief, and his brothers an hundred and twelve.
Genesis 47:5	And Pharaoh spoke to Joseph, saying, Your father and your brothers are come to you:
Deuteronomy 24:15	At his day you shall give him his hire, neither shall the sun go down on it; for he is poor, and sets his heart on it: lest he cry against you to the LORD, and it be sin to you.
Numbers 14:42	Go not up, for the LORD is not among you; that you be not smitten before your enemies.
Psalm 55:19	God shall hear, and afflict them, even he that stays of old. Selah. Because they have no changes, therefore they fear not God.
Nehemiah 7:16	The children of Bebai, six hundred twenty and eight.
Psalm 69:33	For the LORD hears the poor, and despises not his prisoners.
Luke 23:11	And Herod with his men of war set him at nothing, and mocked him, and arrayed him in a gorgeous robe, and sent him again to Pilate.
Genesis 8:10	And he stayed yet other seven days; and again he sent forth the dove out of the ark;
John 17:22	And the glory which you gave me I have given them; that they may be one, even as we are one:
1 Samuel 6:2	And the Philistines called for the priests and the diviners, saying, What shall we do to the ark of the LORD? tell us with which we shall send it to his place.
Psalm 51:12	Restore to me the joy of your salvation; and uphold me with your free spirit.
Micah 2:7	O you that are named the house of Jacob, is the spirit of the LORD straitened? are these his doings? do not my words do good to him that walks uprightly?
Jeremiah 42:21	And now I have this day declared it to you; but you have not obeyed the voice of the LORD your God, nor any thing for the which he has sent me to you.
2 Peter 2:12	But these, as natural brute beasts, made to be taken and destroyed, speak evil of the things that they understand not; and shall utterly perish in their own corruption;
Proverbs 19:19	A man of great wrath shall suffer punishment: for if you deliver him, yet you must do it again.
1 Kings 9:15	And this is the reason of the levy which king Solomon raised; for to build the house of the LORD, and his own house, and Millo, and the wall of Jerusalem, and Hazor, and Megiddo, and Gezer.
1 Corinthians 4:5	Therefore judge nothing before the time, until the Lord come, who both will bring to light the hidden things of darkness, and will make manifest the counsels of the hearts: and then shall every man have praise of God.
Psalm 119:103	How sweet are your words to my taste! yes, sweeter than honey to my mouth!
2 Chronicles 16:11	And, behold, the acts of Asa, first and last, see, they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.
Hebrews 10:24	And let us consider one another to provoke to love and to good works:
2 Thessalonians 2:15	Therefore, brothers, stand fast, and hold the traditions which you have been taught, whether by word, or our letter.
Genesis 33:11	Take, I pray you, my blessing that is brought to you; because God has dealt graciously with me, and because I have enough. And he urged him, and he took it.
2 Samuel 16:2	And the king said to Ziba, What mean you by these? And Ziba said, The asses be for the king’s household to ride on; and the bread and summer fruit for the young men to eat; and the wine, that such as be faint in the wilderness may drink.
Jeremiah 27:2	Thus said the LORD to me; Make you bonds and yokes, and put them on your neck,
Leviticus 23:9	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Job 23:16	For God makes my heart soft, and the Almighty troubles me:
Ezekiel 23:31	You have walked in the way of your sister; therefore will I give her cup into your hand.
2 Samuel 7:21	For your word’s sake, and according to your own heart, have you done all these great things, to make your servant know them.
Psalm 118:19	Open to me the gates of righteousness: I will go into them, and I will praise the LORD:
Jeremiah 17:27	But if you will not listen to me to hallow the sabbath day, and not to bear a burden, even entering in at the gates of Jerusalem on the sabbath day; then will I kindle a fire in the gates thereof, and it shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem, and it shall not be quenched.
Luke 19:21	For I feared you, because you are an austere man: you take up that you layed not down, and reap that you did not sow.
Acts 15:11	But we believe that through the grace of the LORD Jesus Christ we shall be saved, even as they.
Ezekiel 16:44	Behold, every one that uses proverbs shall use this proverb against you, saying, As is the mother, so is her daughter.
Luke 17:18	There are not found that returned to give glory to God, save this stranger.
Proverbs 14:10	The heart knows his own bitterness; and a stranger does not intermeddle with his joy.
Proverbs 27:24	For riches are not for ever: and does the crown endure to every generation?
Leviticus 2:14	And if you offer a meat offering of your first fruits to the LORD, you shall offer for the meat offering of your first fruits green ears of corn dried by the fire, even corn beaten out of full ears.
2 Chronicles 7:13	If I shut up heaven that there be no rain, or if I command the locusts to devour the land, or if I send pestilence among my people;
2 Kings 13:11	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD; he departed not from all the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel sin: but he walked therein.
Exodus 16:7	And in the morning, then you shall see the glory of the LORD; for that he hears your murmurings against the LORD: and what are we, that you murmur against us?
Romans 6:5	For if we have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall be also in the likeness of his resurrection:
2 Samuel 15:3	And Absalom said to him, See, your matters are good and right; but there is no man deputed of the king to hear you.
Colossians 4:14	Luke, the beloved physician, and Demas, greet you.
Exodus 27:12	And for the breadth of the court on the west side shall be hangings of fifty cubits: their pillars ten, and their sockets ten.
Ezekiel 31:12	And strangers, the terrible of the nations, have cut him off, and have left him: on the mountains and in all the valleys his branches are fallen, and his boughs are broken by all the rivers of the land; and all the people of the earth are gone down from his shadow, and have left him.
1 Kings 16:33	And Ahab made a grove; and Ahab did more to provoke the LORD God of Israel to anger than all the kings of Israel that were before him.
Acts 28:10	Who also honored us with many honors; and when we departed, they laded us with such things as were necessary.
2 Kings 20:1	In those days was Hezekiah sick to death. And the prophet Isaiah the son of Amoz came to him, and said to him, Thus said the LORD, Set your house in order; for you shall die, and not live.
Galatians 1:3	Grace be to you and peace from God the Father, and from our Lord Jesus Christ,
1 Kings 17:19	And he said to her, Give me your son. And he took him out of her bosom, and carried him up into a loft, where he stayed, and laid him on his own bed.
Job 23:8	Behold, I go forward, but he is not there; and backward, but I cannot perceive him:
Matthew 19:13	Then were there brought to him little children, that he should put his hands on them, and pray: and the disciples rebuked them.
Exodus 9:28	Entreat the LORD (for it is enough) that there be no more mighty thunder and hail; and I will let you go, and you shall stay no longer.
1 Kings 22:49	Then said Ahaziah the son of Ahab to Jehoshaphat, Let my servants go with your servants in the ships. But Jehoshaphat would not.
Job 19:10	He has destroyed me on every side, and I am gone: and my hope has he removed like a tree.
Jeremiah 25:28	And it shall be, if they refuse to take the cup at your hand to drink, then shall you say to them, Thus said the LORD of hosts; You shall certainly drink.
1 Corinthians 16:16	That you submit yourselves to such, and to every one that helps with us, and labors.
Numbers 35:15	These six cities shall be a refuge, both for the children of Israel, and for the stranger, and for the sojourner among them: that every one that kills any person unawares may flee thither.
Habakkuk 3:12	You did march through the land in indignation, you did thresh the heathen in anger.
Exodus 19:9	And the LORD said to Moses, See, I come to you in a thick cloud, that the people may hear when I speak with you, and believe you for ever. And Moses told the words of the people to the LORD.
Esther 10:3	For Mordecai the Jew was next to king Ahasuerus, and great among the Jews, and accepted of the multitude of his brothers, seeking the wealth of his people, and speaking peace to all his seed.
Psalm 33:2	Praise the LORD with harp: sing to him with the psaltery and an instrument of ten strings.
Jeremiah 26:24	Nevertheless the hand of Ahikam the son of Shaphan was with Jeremiah, that they should not give him into the hand of the people to put him to death.
Acts 3:6	Then Peter said, Silver and gold have I none; but such as I have give I you: In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth rise up and walk.
2 Corinthians 6:4	But in all things approving ourselves as the ministers of God, in much patience, in afflictions, in necessities, in distresses,
Ezekiel 32:30	There be the princes of the north, all of them, and all the Zidonians, which are gone down with the slain; with their terror they are ashamed of their might; and they lie uncircumcised with them that be slain by the sword, and bear their shame with them that go down to the pit.
John 17:23	I in them, and you in me, that they may be made perfect in one; and that the world may know that you have sent me, and have loved them, as you have loved me.
Habakkuk 2:13	Behold, is it not of the LORD of hosts that the people shall labor in the very fire, and the people shall weary themselves for very vanity?
Ezekiel 48:18	And the residue in length over against the oblation of the holy portion shall be ten thousand eastward, and ten thousand westward: and it shall be over against the oblation of the holy portion; and the increase thereof shall be for food to them that serve the city.
2 Kings 23:9	Nevertheless the priests of the high places came not up to the altar of the LORD in Jerusalem, but they did eat of the unleavened bread among their brothers.
Numbers 5:19	And the priest shall charge her by an oath, and say to the woman, If no man have lain with you, and if you have not gone aside to uncleanness with another instead of your husband, be you free from this bitter water that causes the curse:
1 Corinthians 7:38	So then he that gives her in marriage does well; but he that gives her not in marriage does better.
1 Chronicles 15:1	And David made him houses in the city of David, and prepared a place for the ark of God, and pitched for it a tent.
2 Thessalonians 1:12	That the name of our Lord Jesus Christ may be glorified in you, and you in him, according to the grace of our God and the Lord Jesus Christ.
2 Chronicles 8:4	And he built Tadmor in the wilderness, and all the store cities, which he built in Hamath.
Jeremiah 19:8	And I will make this city desolate, and an hissing; every one that passes thereby shall be astonished and hiss because of all the plagues thereof.
Genesis 38:22	And he returned to Judah, and said, I cannot find her; and also the men of the place said, that there was no harlot in this place.
Jeremiah 9:26	Egypt, and Judah, and Edom, and the children of Ammon, and Moab, and all that are in the utmost corners, that dwell in the wilderness: for all these nations are uncircumcised, and all the house of Israel are uncircumcised in the heart.
Isaiah 10:5	O Assyrian, the rod of my anger, and the staff in their hand is my indignation.
Acts 8:20	But Peter said to him, Your money perish with you, because you have thought that the gift of God may be purchased with money.
2 Samuel 20:22	Then the woman went to all the people in her wisdom. And they cut off the head of Sheba the son of Bichri, and cast it out to Joab. And he blew a trumpet, and they retired from the city, every man to his tent. And Joab returned to Jerusalem to the king.
John 12:3	Then took Mary a pound of ointment of spikenard, very costly, and anointed the feet of Jesus, and wiped his feet with her hair: and the house was filled with the odor of the ointment.
Exodus 7:10	And Moses and Aaron went in to Pharaoh, and they did so as the LORD had commanded: and Aaron cast down his rod before Pharaoh, and before his servants, and it became a serpent.
Jeremiah 31:7	For thus said the LORD; Sing with gladness for Jacob, and shout among the chief of the nations: publish you, praise you, and say, O LORD, save your people, the remnant of Israel.
Isaiah 6:3	And one cried to another, and said, Holy, holy, holy, is the LORD of hosts: the whole earth is full of his glory.
2 Chronicles 29:16	And the priests went into the inner part of the house of the LORD, to cleanse it, and brought out all the uncleanness that they found in the temple of the LORD into the court of the house of the LORD. And the Levites took it, to carry it out abroad into the brook Kidron.
Philemon 1:20	Yes, brother, let me have joy of you in the Lord: refresh my bowels in the Lord.
Luke 18:37	And they told him, that Jesus of Nazareth passes by.
Ephesians 2:20	And are built on the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone;
Psalm 98:3	He has remembered his mercy and his truth toward the house of Israel: all the ends of the earth have seen the salvation of our God.
1 Chronicles 1:7	And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim.
1 Samuel 11:13	And Saul said, There shall not a man be put to death this day: for to day the LORD has worked salvation in Israel.
Psalm 103:6	The LORD executes righteousness and judgment for all that are oppressed.
Psalm 119:93	I will never forget your precepts: for with them you have quickened me.
2 Corinthians 2:12	Furthermore, when I came to Troas to preach Christ’s gospel, and a door was opened to me of the Lord,
Jeremiah 50:21	Go up against the land of Merathaim, even against it, and against the inhabitants of Pekod: waste and utterly destroy after them, said the LORD, and do according to all that I have commanded you.
Proverbs 13:1	A wise son hears his father’s instruction: but a scorner hears not rebuke.
Genesis 29:13	And it came to pass, when Laban heard the tidings of Jacob his sister’s son, that he ran to meet him, and embraced him, and kissed him, and brought him to his house. And he told Laban all these things.
Luke 18:30	Who shall not receive manifold more in this present time, and in the world to come life everlasting.
1 Chronicles 2:28	And the sons of Onam were, Shammai, and Jada. And the sons of Shammai; Nadab and Abishur.
John 12:1	Then Jesus six days before the passover came to Bethany, where Lazarus was, which had been dead, whom he raised from the dead.
1 Samuel 5:7	And when the men of Ashdod saw that it was so, they said, The ark of the God of Israel shall not abide with us: for his hand is sore on us, and on Dagon our god.
John 11:28	And when she had so said, she went her way, and called Mary her sister secretly, saying, The Master is come, and calls for you.
Job 33:16	Then he opens the ears of men, and seals their instruction,
1 Samuel 2:28	And did I choose him out of all the tribes of Israel to be my priest, to offer on my altar, to burn incense, to wear an ephod before me? and did I give to the house of your father all the offerings made by fire of the children of Israel?
Amos 8:1	Thus has the Lord GOD showed to me: and behold a basket of summer fruit.
Genesis 40:23	Yet did not the chief butler remember Joseph, but forgot him.
Esther 3:4	Now it came to pass, when they spoke daily to him, and he listened not to them, that they told Haman, to see whether Mordecai’s matters would stand: for he had told them that he was a Jew.
Deuteronomy 28:5	Blessed shall be your basket and your store.
Jeremiah 36:8	And Baruch the son of Neriah did according to all that Jeremiah the prophet commanded him, reading in the book the words of the LORD in the LORD’s house.
Proverbs 11:3	The integrity of the upright shall guide them: but the perverseness of transgressors shall destroy them.
Psalm 119:34	Give me understanding, and I shall keep your law; yes, I shall observe it with my whole heart.
Ezekiel 36:24	For I will take you from among the heathen, and gather you out of all countries, and will bring you into your own land.
Acts 27:29	Then fearing lest we should have fallen on rocks, they cast four anchors out of the stern, and wished for the day.
Micah 5:9	Your hand shall be lifted up on your adversaries, and all your enemies shall be cut off.
Revelation 1:16	And he had in his right hand seven stars: and out of his mouth went a sharp two edged sword: and his countenance was as the sun shines in his strength.
John 8:57	Then said the Jews to him, You are not yet fifty years old, and have you seen Abraham?
Ezekiel 36:32	Not for your sakes do I this, said the Lord GOD, be it known to you: be ashamed and confounded for your own ways, O house of Israel.
1 Corinthians 11:9	Neither was the man created for the woman; but the woman for the man.
Ruth 4:7	Now this was the manner in former time in Israel concerning redeeming and concerning changing, for to confirm all things; a man plucked off his shoe, and gave it to his neighbor: and this was a testimony in Israel.
Luke 11:34	The light of the body is the eye: therefore when your eye is single, your whole body also is full of light; but when your eye is evil, your body also is full of darkness.
Mark 8:4	And his disciples answered him, From where can a man satisfy these men with bread here in the wilderness?
Matthew 14:19	And he commanded the multitude to sit down on the grass, and took the five loaves, and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven, he blessed, and broke, and gave the loaves to his disciples, and the disciples to the multitude.
Colossians 2:4	And this I say, lest any man should beguile you with enticing words.
Proverbs 3:15	She is more precious than rubies: and all the things you can desire are not to be compared to her.
Acts 16:37	But Paul said to them, They have beaten us openly uncondemned, being Romans, and have cast us into prison; and now do they thrust us out privately? no truly; but let them come themselves and fetch us out.
Daniel 6:1	It pleased Darius to set over the kingdom an hundred and twenty princes, which should be over the whole kingdom;
Genesis 49:21	Naphtali is a hind let loose: he gives goodly words.
Genesis 39:19	And it came to pass, when his master heard the words of his wife, which she spoke to him, saying, After this manner did your servant to me; that his wrath was kindled.
1 Corinthians 5:5	To deliver such an one to Satan for the destruction of the flesh, that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus.
2 Chronicles 32:14	Who was there among all the gods of those nations that my fathers utterly destroyed, that could deliver his people out of my hand, that your God should be able to deliver you out of my hand?
Psalm 114:4	The mountains skipped like rams, and the little hills like lambs.
John 21:11	Simon Peter went up, and drew the net to land full of great fishes, an hundred and fifty and three: and for all there were so many, yet was not the net broken.
Mark 14:72	And the second time the cock crew. And Peter called to mind the word that Jesus said to him, Before the cock crow twice, you shall deny me thrice. And when he thought thereon, he wept.
2 Samuel 18:18	Now Absalom in his lifetime had taken and reared up for himself a pillar, which is in the king’s dale: for he said, I have no son to keep my name in remembrance: and he called the pillar after his own name: and it is called to this day, Absalom’s place.
Deuteronomy 21:23	His body shall not remain all night on the tree, but you shall in any wise bury him that day; (for he that is hanged is accursed of God;) that your land be not defiled, which the LORD your God gives you for an inheritance.
Deuteronomy 32:1	Give ear, O you heavens, and I will speak; and hear, O earth, the words of my mouth.
Numbers 21:28	For there is a fire gone out of Heshbon, a flame from the city of Sihon: it has consumed Ar of Moab, and the lords of the high places of Arnon.
Revelation 14:11	And the smoke of their torment ascends up for ever and ever: and they have no rest day nor night, who worship the beast and his image, and whoever receives the mark of his name.
2 Chronicles 26:10	Also he built towers in the desert, and dig many wells: for he had much cattle, both in the low country, and in the plains: farmers also, and vine dressers in the mountains, and in Carmel: for he loved husbandry.
Leviticus 7:35	This is the portion of the anointing of Aaron, and of the anointing of his sons, out of the offerings of the LORD made by fire, in the day when he presented them to minister to the LORD in the priest’s office;
Daniel 2:33	His legs of iron, his feet part of iron and part of clay.
Genesis 34:1	And Dinah the daughter of Leah, which she bore to Jacob, went out to see the daughters of the land.
1 Kings 6:12	Concerning this house which you are in building, if you will walk in my statutes, and execute my judgments, and keep all my commandments to walk in them; then will I perform my word with you, which I spoke to David your father:
Revelation 22:9	Then said he to me, See you do it not: for I am your fellow servant, and of your brothers the prophets, and of them which keep the sayings of this book: worship God.
Numbers 25:16	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Joshua 15:61	In the wilderness, Betharabah, Middin, and Secacah,
1 Corinthians 15:16	For if the dead rise not, then is not Christ raised:
2 Corinthians 3:12	Seeing then that we have such hope, we use great plainness of speech:
Genesis 45:6	For these two years has the famine been in the land: and yet there are five years, in the which there shall neither be ripening nor harvest.
2 Corinthians 11:28	Beside those things that are without, that which comes on me daily, the care of all the churches.
Numbers 4:39	From thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, every one that enters into the service, for the work in the tabernacle of the congregation,
2 Samuel 1:6	And the young man that told him said, As I happened by chance on mount Gilboa, behold, Saul leaned on his spear; and, see, the chariots and horsemen followed hard after him.
Genesis 11:10	These are the generations of Shem: Shem was an hundred years old, and begat Arphaxad two years after the flood:
Numbers 5:9	And every offering of all the holy things of the children of Israel, which they bring to the priest, shall be his.
1 Thessalonians 3:8	For now we live, if you stand fast in the Lord.
Psalm 45:12	And the daughter of Tyre shall be there with a gift; even the rich among the people shall entreat your favor.
Psalm 35:17	Lord, how long will you look on? rescue my soul from their destructions, my darling from the lions.
1 Kings 13:26	And when the prophet that brought him back from the way heard thereof, he said, It is the man of God, who was disobedient to the word of the LORD: therefore the LORD has delivered him to the lion, which has torn him, and slain him, according to the word of the LORD, which he spoke to him.
Nehemiah 10:25	Rehum, Hashabnah, Maaseiah,
Leviticus 11:46	This is the law of the beasts, and of the fowl, and of every living creature that moves in the waters, and of every creature that creeps on the earth:
Acts 20:11	When he therefore was come up again, and had broken bread, and eaten, and talked a long while, even till break of day, so he departed.
2 Chronicles 3:9	And the weight of the nails was fifty shekels of gold. And he overlaid the upper chambers with gold.
Isaiah 31:8	Then shall the Assyrian fall with the sword, not of a mighty man; and the sword, not of a mean man, shall devour him: but he shall flee from the sword, and his young men shall be discomfited.
Exodus 2:24	And God heard their groaning, and God remembered his covenant with Abraham, with Isaac, and with Jacob.
Revelation 7:4	And I heard the number of them which were sealed: and there were sealed an hundred and forty and four thousand of all the tribes of the children of Israel.
Esther 2:14	In the evening she went, and on the morrow she returned into the second house of the women, to the custody of Shaashgaz, the king’s chamberlain, which kept the concubines: she came in to the king no more, except the king delighted in her, and that she were called by name.
1 Samuel 4:5	And when the ark of the covenant of the LORD came into the camp, all Israel shouted with a great shout, so that the earth rang again.
1 Samuel 13:15	And Samuel arose, and got him up from Gilgal to Gibeah of Benjamin. And Saul numbered the people that were present with him, about six hundred men.
Jeremiah 23:1	Woe be to the pastors that destroy and scatter the sheep of my pasture! said the LORD.
Acts 26:16	But rise, and stand on your feet: for I have appeared to you for this purpose, to make you a minister and a witness both of these things which you have seen, and of those things in the which I will appear to you;
Nehemiah 7:41	The children of Pashur, a thousand two hundred forty and seven.
Psalm 116:10	I believed, therefore have I spoken: I was greatly afflicted:
Psalm 50:22	Now consider this, you that forget God, lest I tear you in pieces, and there be none to deliver.
Luke 18:33	And they shall whip him, and put him to death: and the third day he shall rise again.
2 Corinthians 10:2	But I beseech you, that I may not be bold when I am present with that confidence, with which I think to be bold against some, which think of us as if we walked according to the flesh.
Hebrews 13:3	Remember them that are in bonds, as bound with them; and them which suffer adversity, as being yourselves also in the body.
Ezekiel 40:1	In the five and twentieth year of our captivity, in the beginning of the year, in the tenth day of the month, in the fourteenth year after that the city was smitten, in the selfsame day the hand of the LORD was on me, and brought me thither.
Job 5:12	He disappoints the devices of the crafty, so that their hands cannot perform their enterprise.
1 Kings 22:39	Now the rest of the acts of Ahab, and all that he did, and the ivory house which he made, and all the cities that he built, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
2 Samuel 17:26	So Israel and Absalom pitched in the land of Gilead.
Luke 22:46	And said to them, Why sleep you? rise and pray, lest you enter into temptation.
Mark 8:35	For whoever will save his life shall lose it; but whoever shall lose his life for my sake and the gospel’s, the same shall save it.
Matthew 27:50	Jesus, when he had cried again with a loud voice, yielded up the ghost.
1 Kings 1:6	And his father had not displeased him at any time in saying, Why have you done so? and he also was a very goodly man; and his mother bore him after Absalom.
Mark 9:41	For whoever shall give you a cup of water to drink in my name, because you belong to Christ, truly I say to you, he shall not lose his reward.
2 Chronicles 28:7	And Zichri, a mighty man of Ephraim, slew Maaseiah the king’s son, and Azrikam the governor of the house, and Elkanah that was next to the king.
Isaiah 1:9	Except the LORD of hosts had left to us a very small remnant, we should have been as Sodom, and we should have been like to Gomorrah.
Nahum 3:18	Your shepherds slumber, O king of Assyria: your nobles shall dwell in the dust: your people is scattered on the mountains, and no man gathers them.
Nehemiah 2:17	Then said I to them, You see the distress that we are in, how Jerusalem lies waste, and the gates thereof are burned with fire: come, and let us build up the wall of Jerusalem, that we be no more a reproach.
Mark 9:31	For he taught his disciples, and said to them, The Son of man is delivered into the hands of men, and they shall kill him; and after that he is killed, he shall rise the third day.
Job 35:2	Think you this to be right, that you said, My righteousness is more than God’s?
Psalm 104:16	The trees of the LORD are full of sap; the cedars of Lebanon, which he has planted;
Ezekiel 34:4	The diseased have you not strengthened, neither have you healed that which was sick, neither have you bound up that which was broken, neither have you brought again that which was driven away, neither have you sought that which was lost; but with force and with cruelty have you ruled them.
Acts 5:4	Whiles it remained, was it not your own? and after it was sold, was it not in your own power? why have you conceived this thing in your heart? you have not lied to men, but to God.
1 John 3:17	But whoever has this world’s good, and sees his brother have need, and shuts up his bowels of compassion from him, how dwells the love of God in him?
1 Chronicles 11:9	So David waxed greater and greater: for the LORD of hosts was with him.
1 Samuel 24:14	After whom is the king of Israel come out? after whom do you pursue? after a dead dog, after a flea.
Genesis 26:1	And there was a famine in the land, beside the first famine that was in the days of Abraham. And Isaac went to Abimelech king of the Philistines to Gerar.
Luke 11:27	And it came to pass, as he spoke these things, a certain woman of the company lifted up her voice, and said to him, Blessed is the womb that bore you, and the breasts which you have sucked.
Hebrews 8:12	For I will be merciful to their unrighteousness, and their sins and their iniquities will I remember no more.
Ezekiel 39:21	And I will set my glory among the heathen, and all the heathen shall see my judgment that I have executed, and my hand that I have laid on them.
Genesis 27:29	Let people serve you, and nations bow down to you: be lord over your brothers, and let your mother’s sons bow down to you: cursed be every one that curses you, and blessed be he that blesses you.
Acts 24:20	Or else let these same here say, if they have found any evil doing in me, while I stood before the council,
1 Kings 7:44	And one sea, and twelve oxen under the sea;
James 1:10	But the rich, in that he is made low: because as the flower of the grass he shall pass away.
Daniel 5:28	PERES; Your kingdom is divided, and given to the Medes and Persians.
2 Kings 17:4	And the king of Assyria found conspiracy in Hoshea: for he had sent messengers to So king of Egypt, and brought no present to the king of Assyria, as he had done year by year: therefore the king of Assyria shut him up, and bound him in prison.
1 Samuel 21:15	Have I need of mad men, that you have brought this fellow to play the mad man in my presence? shall this fellow come into my house?
Acts 25:4	But Festus answered, that Paul should be kept at Caesarea, and that he himself would depart shortly thither.
Daniel 2:12	For this cause the king was angry and very furious, and commanded to destroy all the wise men of Babylon.
Luke 5:23	Whether is easier, to say, Your sins be forgiven you; or to say, Rise up and walk?
2 Kings 16:4	And he sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places, and on the hills, and under every green tree.
Psalm 74:17	You have set all the borders of the earth: you have made summer and winter.
Psalm 71:11	Saying, God has forsaken him: persecute and take him; for there is none to deliver him.
1 Samuel 4:12	And there ran a man of Benjamin out of the army, and came to Shiloh the same day with his clothes rent, and with earth on his head.
Exodus 16:12	I have heard the murmurings of the children of Israel: speak to them, saying, At even you shall eat flesh, and in the morning you shall be filled with bread; and you shall know that I am the LORD your God.
1 Samuel 23:17	And he said to him, Fear not: for the hand of Saul my father shall not find you; and you shall be king over Israel, and I shall be next to you; and that also Saul my father knows.
Deuteronomy 32:33	Their wine is the poison of dragons, and the cruel venom of asps.
1 Chronicles 26:3	Elam the fifth, Jehohanan the sixth, Elioenai the seventh.
Jeremiah 51:14	The LORD of hosts has sworn by himself, saying, Surely I will fill you with men, as with caterpillars; and they shall lift up a shout against you.
Nehemiah 10:11	Micha, Rehob, Hashabiah,
Ezekiel 16:20	Moreover you have taken your sons and your daughters, whom you have borne to me, and these have you sacrificed to them to be devoured. Is this of your prostitutions a small matter,
Leviticus 14:42	And they shall take other stones, and put them in the place of those stones; and he shall take other mortar, and shall plaster the house.
Micah 7:13	Notwithstanding the land shall be desolate because of them that dwell therein, for the fruit of their doings.
Numbers 28:11	And in the beginnings of your months you shall offer a burnt offering to the LORD; two young bullocks, and one ram, seven lambs of the first year without spot;
Judges 20:3	(Now the children of Benjamin heard that the children of Israel were gone up to Mizpeh.) Then said the children of Israel, Tell us, how was this wickedness?
1 Peter 5:4	And when the chief Shepherd shall appear, you shall receive a crown of glory that fades not away.
Matthew 26:23	And he answered and said, He that dips his hand with me in the dish, the same shall betray me.
Psalm 144:9	I will sing a new song to you, O God: on a psaltery and an instrument of ten strings will I sing praises to you.
Isaiah 40:23	That brings the princes to nothing; he makes the judges of the earth as vanity.
Amos 5:2	The virgin of Israel is fallen; she shall no more rise: she is forsaken on her land; there is none to raise her up.
1 Corinthians 8:6	But to us there is but one God, the Father, of whom are all things, and we in him; and one Lord Jesus Christ, by whom are all things, and we by him.
2 Kings 6:25	And there was a great famine in Samaria: and, behold, they besieged it, until an ass’s head was sold for fourscore pieces of silver, and the fourth part of a cab of dove’s dung for five pieces of silver.
Numbers 31:6	And Moses sent them to the war, a thousand of every tribe, them and Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest, to the war, with the holy instruments, and the trumpets to blow in his hand.
Acts 25:3	And desired favor against him, that he would send for him to Jerusalem, laying wait in the way to kill him.
Joel 2:7	They shall run like mighty men; they shall climb the wall like men of war; and they shall march every one on his ways, and they shall not break their ranks:
Daniel 2:4	Then spoke the Chaldeans to the king in Syriack, O king, live for ever: tell your servants the dream, and we will show the interpretation.
Mark 15:11	But the chief priests moved the people, that he should rather release Barabbas to them.
2 Kings 13:7	Neither did he leave of the people to Jehoahaz but fifty horsemen, and ten chariots, and ten thousand footmen; for the king of Syria had destroyed them, and had made them like the dust by threshing.
Colossians 4:2	Continue in prayer, and watch in the same with thanksgiving;
Proverbs 17:13	Whoever rewards evil for good, evil shall not depart from his house.
1 Peter 3:14	But and if you suffer for righteousness’ sake, happy are you: and be not afraid of their terror, neither be troubled;
Job 27:7	Let my enemy be as the wicked, and he that rises up against me as the unrighteous.
Matthew 18:35	So likewise shall my heavenly Father do also to you, if you from your hearts forgive not every one his brother their trespasses.
John 12:19	The Pharisees therefore said among themselves, Perceive you how you prevail nothing? behold, the world is gone after him.
Psalm 124:8	Our help is in the name of the LORD, who made heaven and earth.
Judges 21:25	In those days there was no king in Israel: every man did that which was right in his own eyes.
Psalm 35:16	With hypocritical mockers in feasts, they gnashed on me with their teeth.
Deuteronomy 7:10	And repays them that hate him to their face, to destroy them: he will not be slack to him that hates him, he will repay him to his face.
Deuteronomy 12:28	Observe and hear all these words which I command you, that it may go well with you, and with your children after you for ever, when you do that which is good and right in the sight of the LORD your God.
Acts 24:26	He hoped also that money should have been given him of Paul, that he might loose him: why he sent for him the oftener, and communed with him.
Mark 5:32	And he looked round about to see her that had done this thing.
Leviticus 11:12	Whatever has no fins nor scales in the waters, that shall be an abomination to you.
Exodus 40:34	Then a cloud covered the tent of the congregation, and the glory of the LORD filled the tabernacle.
Genesis 32:19	And so commanded he the second, and the third, and all that followed the droves, saying, On this manner shall you speak to Esau, when you find him.
2 Samuel 13:3	But Amnon had a friend, whose name was Jonadab, the son of Shimeah David’s brother: and Jonadab was a very subtle man.
Hosea 5:9	Ephraim shall be desolate in the day of rebuke: among the tribes of Israel have I made known that which shall surely be.
Esther 6:1	On that night could not the king sleep, and he commanded to bring the book of records of the chronicles; and they were read before the king.
Ezra 4:8	Rehum the chancellor and Shimshai the scribe wrote a letter against Jerusalem to Artaxerxes the king in this sort:
Psalm 78:50	He made a way to his anger; he spared not their soul from death, but gave their life over to the pestilence;
John 5:47	But if you believe not his writings, how shall you believe my words?
Matthew 20:33	They say to him, Lord, that our eyes may be opened.
Acts 14:26	And there sailed to Antioch, from where they had been recommended to the grace of God for the work which they fulfilled.
1 Samuel 25:39	And when David heard that Nabal was dead, he said, Blessed be the LORD, that has pleaded the cause of my reproach from the hand of Nabal, and has kept his servant from evil: for the LORD has returned the wickedness of Nabal on his own head. And David sent and communed with Abigail, to take her to him to wife.
Zephaniah 2:1	Gather yourselves together, yes, gather together, O nation not desired;
Matthew 26:71	And when he was gone out into the porch, another maid saw him, and said to them that were there, This fellow was also with Jesus of Nazareth.
Job 30:18	By the great force of my disease is my garment changed: it binds me about as the collar of my coat.
Matthew 16:25	For whoever will save his life shall lose it: and whoever will lose his life for my sake shall find it.
Luke 20:26	And they could not take hold of his words before the people: and they marveled at his answer, and held their peace.
1 Corinthians 4:21	What will you? shall I come to you with a rod, or in love, and in the spirit of meekness?
Joel 2:16	Gather the people, sanctify the congregation, assemble the elders, gather the children, and those that suck the breasts: let the bridegroom go forth of his chamber, and the bride out of her closet.
Mark 13:9	But take heed to yourselves: for they shall deliver you up to councils; and in the synagogues you shall be beaten: and you shall be brought before rulers and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them.
Joshua 11:20	For it was of the LORD to harden their hearts, that they should come against Israel in battle, that he might destroy them utterly, and that they might have no favor, but that he might destroy them, as the LORD commanded Moses.
Genesis 38:27	And it came to pass in the time of her travail, that, behold, twins were in her womb.
Amos 7:1	Thus has the Lord GOD showed to me; and, behold, he formed grasshoppers in the beginning of the shooting up of the latter growth; and, see, it was the latter growth after the king’s mowings.
Mark 9:44	Where their worm dies not, and the fire is not quenched.
1 Kings 3:14	And if you will walk in my ways, to keep my statutes and my commandments, as your father David did walk, then I will lengthen your days.
Luke 16:19	There was a certain rich man, which was clothed in purple and fine linen, and fared sumptuously every day:
2 Kings 16:7	So Ahaz sent messengers to Tiglathpileser king of Assyria, saying, I am your servant and your son: come up, and save me out of the hand of the king of Syria, and out of the hand of the king of Israel, which rise up against me.
Micah 3:3	Who also eat the flesh of my people, and flay their skin from off them; and they break their bones, and chop them in pieces, as for the pot, and as flesh within the caldron.
Exodus 5:17	But he said, You are idle, you are idle: therefore you say, Let us go and do sacrifice to the LORD.
2 Samuel 23:9	And after him was Eleazar the son of Dodo the Ahohite, one of the three mighty men with David, when they defied the Philistines that were there gathered together to battle, and the men of Israel were gone away:
Deuteronomy 31:2	And he said to them, I am an hundred and twenty years old this day; I can no more go out and come in: also the LORD has said to me, You shall not go over this Jordan.
Psalm 135:16	They have mouths, but they speak not; eyes have they, but they see not;
Acts 20:38	Sorrowing most of all for the words which he spoke, that they should see his face no more. And they accompanied him to the ship.
Isaiah 19:19	In that day shall there be an altar to the LORD in the middle of the land of Egypt, and a pillar at the border thereof to the LORD.
Proverbs 22:27	If you have nothing to pay, why should he take away your bed from under you?
Luke 10:29	But he, willing to justify himself, said to Jesus, And who is my neighbor?
Isaiah 22:8	And he discovered the covering of Judah, and you did look in that day to the armor of the house of the forest.
Exodus 24:8	And Moses took the blood, and sprinkled it on the people, and said, Behold the blood of the covenant, which the LORD has made with you concerning all these words.
Acts 23:34	And when the governor had read the letter, he asked of what province he was. And when he understood that he was of Cilicia;
Joshua 21:3	And the children of Israel gave to the Levites out of their inheritance, at the commandment of the LORD, these cities and their suburbs.
Jeremiah 24:2	One basket had very good figs, even like the figs that are first ripe: and the other basket had very naughty figs, which could not be eaten, they were so bad.
Job 24:24	They are exalted for a little while, but are gone and brought low; they are taken out of the way as all other, and cut off as the tops of the ears of corn.
Exodus 32:25	And when Moses saw that the people were naked; (for Aaron had made them naked to their shame among their enemies:)
Numbers 5:2	Command the children of Israel, that they put out of the camp every leper, and every one that has an issue, and whoever is defiled by the dead:
Numbers 11:27	And there ran a young man, and told Moses, and said, Eldad and Medad do prophesy in the camp.
Exodus 40:38	For the cloud of the LORD was on the tabernacle by day, and fire was on it by night, in the sight of all the house of Israel, throughout all their journeys.
Genesis 26:33	And he called it Shebah: therefore the name of the city is Beersheba to this day.
Leviticus 7:1	Likewise this is the law of the trespass offering: it is most holy.
Daniel 10:2	In those days I Daniel was mourning three full weeks.
2 Kings 11:18	And all the people of the land went into the house of Baal, and broke it down; his altars and his images broke they in pieces thoroughly, and slew Mattan the priest of Baal before the altars. And the priest appointed officers over the house of the LORD.
Ruth 1:14	And they lifted up their voice, and wept again: and Orpah kissed her mother in law; but Ruth joined to her.
Proverbs 10:12	Hatred stirs up strifes: but love covers all sins.
Job 15:32	It shall be accomplished before his time, and his branch shall not be green.
Proverbs 3:35	The wise shall inherit glory: but shame shall be the promotion of fools.
2 Samuel 22:16	And the channels of the sea appeared, the foundations of the world were discovered, at the rebuking of the LORD, at the blast of the breath of his nostrils.
2 Chronicles 26:11	Moreover Uzziah had an host of fighting men, that went out to war by bands, according to the number of their account by the hand of Jeiel the scribe and Maaseiah the ruler, under the hand of Hananiah, one of the king’s captains.
Ezekiel 33:27	Say you thus to them, Thus said the Lord GOD; As I live, surely they that are in the wastes shall fall by the sword, and him that is in the open field will I give to the beasts to be devoured, and they that be in the forts and in the caves shall die of the pestilence.
1 Chronicles 29:11	Yours, O LORD is the greatness, and the power, and the glory, and the victory, and the majesty: for all that is in the heaven and in the earth is yours; your is the kingdom, O LORD, and you are exalted as head above all.
Genesis 20:4	But Abimelech had not come near her: and he said, LORD, will you slay also a righteous nation?
Mark 5:26	And had suffered many things of many physicians, and had spent all that she had, and was nothing bettered, but rather grew worse,
2 Samuel 10:1	And it came to pass after this, that the king of the children of Ammon died, and Hanun his son reigned in his stead.
Isaiah 59:18	According to their deeds, accordingly he will repay, fury to his adversaries, recompense to his enemies; to the islands he will repay recompense.
1 Kings 1:8	But Zadok the priest, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and Nathan the prophet, and Shimei, and Rei, and the mighty men which belonged to David, were not with Adonijah.
Luke 15:10	Likewise, I say to you, there is joy in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner that repents.
Luke 8:9	And his disciples asked him, saying, What might this parable be?
1 Kings 3:28	And all Israel heard of the judgment which the king had judged; and they feared the king: for they saw that the wisdom of God was in him, to do judgment.
2 Samuel 3:13	And he said, Well; I will make a league with you: but one thing I require of you, that is, You shall not see my face, except you first bring Michal Saul’s daughter, when you come to see my face.
Hebrews 2:15	And deliver them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage.
1 Chronicles 17:17	And yet this was a small thing in your eyes, O God; for you have also spoken of your servant’s house for a great while to come, and have regarded me according to the estate of a man of high degree, O LORD God.
Proverbs 16:20	He that handles a matter wisely shall find good: and whoever trusts in the LORD, happy is he.
Ezra 4:17	Then sent the king an answer to Rehum the chancellor, and to Shimshai the scribe, and to the rest of their companions that dwell in Samaria, and to the rest beyond the river, Peace, and at such a time.
Deuteronomy 11:14	That I will give you the rain of your land in his due season, the first rain and the latter rain, that you may gather in your corn, and your wine, and your oil.
1 Kings 18:9	And he said, What have I sinned, that you would deliver your servant into the hand of Ahab, to slay me?
Psalm 119:162	I rejoice at your word, as one that finds great spoil.
Genesis 15:9	And he said to him, Take me an heifer of three years old, and a she goat of three years old, and a ram of three years old, and a turtledove, and a young pigeon.
Romans 6:16	Know you not, that to whom you yield yourselves servants to obey, his servants you are to whom you obey; whether of sin to death, or of obedience to righteousness?
Psalm 59:5	You therefore, O LORD God of hosts, the God of Israel, awake to visit all the heathen: be not merciful to any wicked transgressors. Selah.
1 Samuel 17:13	And the three oldest sons of Jesse went and followed Saul to the battle: and the names of his three sons that went to the battle were Eliab the firstborn, and next to him Abinadab, and the third Shammah.
Isaiah 8:4	For before the child shall have knowledge to cry, My father, and my mother, the riches of Damascus and the spoil of Samaria shall be taken away before the king of Assyria.
Jeremiah 3:23	Truly in vain is salvation hoped for from the hills, and from the multitude of mountains: truly in the LORD our God is the salvation of Israel.
Judges 7:14	And his fellow answered and said, This is nothing else save the sword of Gideon the son of Joash, a man of Israel: for into his hand has God delivered Midian, and all the host.
Ezekiel 37:24	And David my servant shall be king over them; and they all shall have one shepherd: they shall also walk in my judgments, and observe my statutes, and do them.
Psalm 73:11	And they say, How does God know? and is there knowledge in the most High?
Psalm 62:12	Also to you, O Lord, belongs mercy: for you render to every man according to his work.
Ezekiel 28:19	All they that know you among the people shall be astonished at you: you shall be a terror, and never shall you be any more.
Matthew 20:19	And shall deliver him to the Gentiles to mock, and to whip, and to crucify him: and the third day he shall rise again.
Jeremiah 32:11	So I took the evidence of the purchase, both that which was sealed according to the law and custom, and that which was open:
Psalm 18:48	He delivers me from my enemies: yes, you lift me up above those that rise up against me: you have delivered me from the violent man.
Esther 3:6	And he thought scorn to lay hands on Mordecai alone; for they had showed him the people of Mordecai: why Haman sought to destroy all the Jews that were throughout the whole kingdom of Ahasuerus, even the people of Mordecai.
John 4:31	In the mean while his disciples prayed him, saying, Master, eat.
Acts 12:21	And on a set day Herod, arrayed in royal apparel, sat on his throne, and made an oration to them.
2 Corinthians 11:27	In weariness and painfulness, in watchings often, in hunger and thirst, in fastings often, in cold and nakedness.
2 Chronicles 12:9	So Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem, and took away the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king’s house; he took all: he carried away also the shields of gold which Solomon had made.
1 Samuel 7:7	And when the Philistines heard that the children of Israel were gathered together to Mizpeh, the lords of the Philistines went up against Israel. And when the children of Israel heard it, they were afraid of the Philistines.
Psalm 88:5	Free among the dead, like the slain that lie in the grave, whom you remember no more: and they are cut off from your hand.
Exodus 38:11	And for the north side the hangings were an hundred cubits, their pillars were twenty, and their sockets of brass twenty; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets of silver.
Mark 3:2	And they watched him, whether he would heal him on the sabbath day; that they might accuse him.
Psalm 115:5	They have mouths, but they speak not: eyes have they, but they see not:
Numbers 10:33	And they departed from the mount of the LORD three days’ journey: and the ark of the covenant of the LORD went before them in the three days’ journey, to search out a resting place for them.
Isaiah 40:3	The voice of him that cries in the wilderness, Prepare you the way of the LORD, make straight in the desert a highway for our God.
Isaiah 24:4	The earth mourns and fades away, the world languishes and fades away, the haughty people of the earth do languish.
1 Chronicles 16:10	Glory you in his holy name: let the heart of them rejoice that seek the LORD.
Nehemiah 9:13	You came down also on mount Sinai, and spoke with them from heaven, and gave them right judgments, and true laws, good statutes and commandments:
Deuteronomy 18:16	According to all that you desired of the LORD your God in Horeb in the day of the assembly, saying, Let me not hear again the voice of the LORD my God, neither let me see this great fire any more, that I die not.
2 Chronicles 24:10	And all the princes and all the people rejoiced, and brought in, and cast into the chest, until they had made an end.
2 Samuel 14:16	For the king will hear, to deliver his handmaid out of the hand of the man that would destroy me and my son together out of the inheritance of God.
Genesis 1:2	And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was on the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved on the face of the waters.
Ezekiel 26:11	With the hoofs of his horses shall he tread down all your streets: he shall slay your people by the sword, and your strong garrisons shall go down to the ground.
1 Samuel 17:58	And Saul said to him, Whose son are you, you young man? And David answered, I am the son of your servant Jesse the Bethlehemite.
Psalm 133:1	Behold, how good and how pleasant it is for brothers to dwell together in unity!
Ezekiel 11:5	And the Spirit of the LORD fell on me, and said to me, Speak; Thus said the LORD; Thus have you said, O house of Israel: for I know the things that come into your mind, every one of them.
Genesis 46:22	These are the sons of Rachel, which were born to Jacob: all the souls were fourteen.
Jeremiah 51:22	With you also will I break in pieces man and woman; and with you will I break in pieces old and young; and with you will I break in pieces the young man and the maid;
Psalm 94:1	O Lord God, to whom vengeance belongs; O God, to whom vengeance belongs, show yourself.
Psalm 22:8	He trusted on the LORD that he would deliver him: let him deliver him, seeing he delighted in him.
Esther 4:3	And in every province, wherever the king’s commandment and his decree came, there was great mourning among the Jews, and fasting, and weeping, and wailing; and many lay in sackcloth and ashes.
Luke 11:19	And if I by Beelzebub cast out devils, by whom do your sons cast them out? therefore shall they be your judges.
Numbers 4:6	And shall put thereon the covering of badgers’ skins, and shall spread over it a cloth wholly of blue, and shall put in the staves thereof.
Nehemiah 10:30	And that we would not give our daughters to the people of the land, not take their daughters for our sons:
2 Peter 1:14	Knowing that shortly I must put off this my tabernacle, even as our Lord Jesus Christ has showed me.
2 Kings 3:8	And he said, Which way shall we go up? And he answered, The way through the wilderness of Edom.
2 Kings 4:31	And Gehazi passed on before them, and laid the staff on the face of the child; but there was neither voice, nor hearing. Why he went again to meet him, and told him, saying, The child is not awaked.
Jeremiah 20:11	But the LORD is with me as a mighty terrible one: therefore my persecutors shall stumble, and they shall not prevail: they shall be greatly ashamed; for they shall not prosper: their everlasting confusion shall never be forgotten.
Luke 21:37	And in the day time he was teaching in the temple; and at night he went out, and stayed in the mount that is called the mount of Olives.
1 Chronicles 27:27	And over the vineyards was Shimei the Ramathite: over the increase of the vineyards for the wine cellars was Zabdi the Shiphmite:
Jonah 3:7	And he caused it to be proclaimed and published through Nineveh by the decree of the king and his nobles, saying, Let neither man nor beast, herd nor flock, taste any thing: let them not feed, nor drink water:
Luke 5:35	But the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them, and then shall they fast in those days.
Mark 6:38	He said to them, How many loaves have you? go and see. And when they knew, they say, Five, and two fishes.
Psalm 55:8	I would hasten my escape from the windy storm and tempest.
Psalm 22:19	But be not you far from me, O LORD: O my strength, haste you to help me.
Luke 2:52	And Jesus increased in wisdom and stature, and in favor with God and man.
Exodus 40:29	And he put the altar of burnt offering by the door of the tabernacle of the tent of the congregation, and offered on it the burnt offering and the meat offering; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Hosea 4:2	By swearing, and lying, and killing, and stealing, and committing adultery, they break out, and blood touches blood.
2 Chronicles 24:14	And when they had finished it, they brought the rest of the money before the king and Jehoiada, whereof were made vessels for the house of the LORD, even vessels to minister, and to offer with, and spoons, and vessels of gold and silver. And they offered burnt offerings in the house of the LORD continually all the days of Jehoiada.
Numbers 1:9	Of Zebulun; Eliab the son of Helon.
2 Chronicles 29:33	And the consecrated things were six hundred oxen and three thousand sheep.
Job 15:11	Are the consolations of God small with you? is there any secret thing with you?
2 Samuel 2:23	However, he refused to turn aside: why Abner with the hinder end of the spear smote him under the fifth rib, that the spear came out behind him; and he fell down there, and died in the same place: and it came to pass, that as many as came to the place where Asahel fell down and died stood still.
2 Timothy 4:7	I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith:
Isaiah 43:25	I, even I, am he that blots out your transgressions for my own sake, and will not remember your sins.
Obadiah 1:7	All the men of your confederacy have brought you even to the border: the men that were at peace with you have deceived you, and prevailed against you; that they eat your bread have laid a wound under you: there is none understanding in him.
Hebrews 1:1	God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spoke in time past to the fathers by the prophets,
Numbers 7:20	One spoon of gold of ten shekels, full of incense:
Nehemiah 12:3	Shechaniah, Rehum, Meremoth,
Psalm 97:7	Confounded be all they that serve graven images, that boast themselves of idols: worship him, all you gods.
1 Kings 4:17	Jehoshaphat the son of Paruah, in Issachar:
Hebrews 11:31	By faith the harlot Rahab perished not with them that believed not, when she had received the spies with peace.
Luke 24:30	And it came to pass, as he sat at meat with them, he took bread, and blessed it, and broke, and gave to them.
1 Corinthians 9:17	For if I do this thing willingly, I have a reward: but if against my will, a dispensation of the gospel is committed to me.
Isaiah 2:13	And on all the cedars of Lebanon, that are high and lifted up, and on all the oaks of Bashan,
Joshua 24:13	And I have given you a land for which you did not labor, and cities which you built not, and you dwell in them; of the vineyards and olive groves which you planted not do you eat.
Exodus 16:19	And Moses said, Let no man leave of it till the morning.
Genesis 39:13	And it came to pass, when she saw that he had left his garment in her hand, and was fled forth,
James 4:5	Do you think that the scripture said in vain, The spirit that dwells in us lusts to envy?
Numbers 11:16	And the LORD said to Moses, Gather to me seventy men of the elders of Israel, whom you know to be the elders of the people, and officers over them; and bring them to the tabernacle of the congregation, that they may stand there with you.
Jeremiah 25:11	And this whole land shall be a desolation, and an astonishment; and these nations shall serve the king of Babylon seventy years.
Leviticus 11:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses and to Aaron, saying to them,
Exodus 23:3	Neither shall you countenance a poor man in his cause.
2 Corinthians 1:13	For we write none other things to you, than what you read or acknowledge; and I trust you shall acknowledge even to the end;
Romans 7:19	For the good that I would I do not: but the evil which I would not, that I do.
Isaiah 27:1	In that day the LORD with his sore and great and strong sword shall punish leviathan the piercing serpent, even leviathan that crooked serpent; and he shall slay the dragon that is in the sea.
Leviticus 10:12	And Moses spoke to Aaron, and to Eleazar and to Ithamar, his sons that were left, Take the meat offering that remains of the offerings of the LORD made by fire, and eat it without leaven beside the altar: for it is most holy:
Ezekiel 36:8	But you, O mountains of Israel, you shall shoot forth your branches, and yield your fruit to my people of Israel; for they are at hand to come.
1 Chronicles 17:9	Also I will ordain a place for my people Israel, and will plant them, and they shall dwell in their place, and shall be moved no more; neither shall the children of wickedness waste them any more, as at the beginning,
Leviticus 23:42	You shall dwell in booths seven days; all that are Israelites born shall dwell in booths:
Isaiah 48:14	All you, assemble yourselves, and hear; which among them has declared these things? The LORD has loved him: he will do his pleasure on Babylon, and his arm shall be on the Chaldeans.
Jeremiah 39:13	So Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard sent, and Nebushasban, Rabsaris, and Nergalsharezer, Rabmag, and all the king of Babylon’s princes;
Luke 17:20	And when he was demanded of the Pharisees, when the kingdom of God should come, he answered them and said, The kingdom of God comes not with observation:
Hebrews 6:3	And this will we do, if God permit.
Ezekiel 17:20	And I will spread my net on him, and he shall be taken in my snare, and I will bring him to Babylon, and will plead with him there for his trespass that he has trespassed against me.
Psalm 99:7	He spoke to them in the cloudy pillar: they kept his testimonies, and the ordinance that he gave them.
Ezekiel 32:21	The strong among the mighty shall speak to him out of the middle of hell with them that help him: they are gone down, they lie uncircumcised, slain by the sword.
Jeremiah 5:16	Their quiver is as an open sepulcher, they are all mighty men.
Joshua 1:13	Remember the word which Moses the servant of the LORD commanded you, saying, The LORD your God has given you rest, and has given you this land.
Psalm 119:65	You have dealt well with your servant, O LORD, according to your word.
Numbers 14:43	For the Amalekites and the Canaanites are there before you, and you shall fall by the sword: because you are turned away from the LORD, therefore the LORD will not be with you.
Leviticus 4:25	And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering with his finger, and put it on the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and shall pour out his blood at the bottom of the altar of burnt offering.
Genesis 8:22	While the earth remains, seedtime and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night shall not cease.
Jeremiah 43:5	But Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces, took all the remnant of Judah, that were returned from all nations, where they had been driven, to dwell in the land of Judah;
Deuteronomy 13:3	You shall not listen to the words of that prophet, or that dreamer of dreams: for the LORD your God proves you, to know whether you love the LORD your God with all your heart and with all your soul.
Ezekiel 1:13	As for the likeness of the living creatures, their appearance was like burning coals of fire, and like the appearance of lamps: it went up and down among the living creatures; and the fire was bright, and out of the fire went forth lightning.
1 Peter 2:9	But you are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar people; that you should show forth the praises of him who has called you out of darkness into his marvelous light;
Zechariah 7:10	And oppress not the widow, nor the fatherless, the stranger, nor the poor; and let none of you imagine evil against his brother in your heart.
2 Chronicles 6:39	Then hear you from the heavens, even from your dwelling place, their prayer and their supplications, and maintain their cause, and forgive your people which have sinned against you.
Proverbs 12:14	A man shall be satisfied with good by the fruit of his mouth: and the recompense of a man’s hands shall be rendered to him.
Genesis 24:10	And the servant took ten camels of the camels of his master, and departed; for all the goods of his master were in his hand: and he arose, and went to Mesopotamia, to the city of Nahor.
Obadiah 1:9	And your mighty men, O Teman, shall be dismayed, to the end that every one of the mount of Esau may be cut off by slaughter.
Leviticus 5:13	And the priest shall make an atonement for him as touching his sin that he has sinned in one of these, and it shall be forgiven him: and the remnant shall be the priest’s, as a meat offering.
Ezekiel 33:19	But if the wicked turn from his wickedness, and do that which is lawful and right, he shall live thereby.
2 Kings 18:15	And Hezekiah gave him all the silver that was found in the house of the LORD, and in the treasures of the king’s house.
John 14:22	Judas said to him, not Iscariot, Lord, how is it that you will manifest yourself to us, and not to the world?
Ezekiel 34:8	As I live, said the Lord GOD, surely because my flock became a prey, and my flock became meat to every beast of the field, because there was no shepherd, neither did my shepherds search for my flock, but the shepherds fed themselves, and fed not my flock;
Isaiah 33:21	But there the glorious LORD will be to us a place of broad rivers and streams; wherein shall go no galley with oars, neither shall gallant ship pass thereby.
Joshua 19:30	Ummah also, and Aphek, and Rehob: twenty and two cities with their villages.
2 Samuel 4:10	When one told me, saying, Behold, Saul is dead, thinking to have brought good tidings, I took hold of him, and slew him in Ziklag, who thought that I would have given him a reward for his tidings:
Nehemiah 9:32	Now therefore, our God, the great, the mighty, and the terrible God, who keep covenant and mercy, let not all the trouble seem little before you, that has come on us, on our kings, on our princes, and on our priests, and on our prophets, and on our fathers, and on all your people, since the time of the kings of Assyria to this day.
Leviticus 9:6	And Moses said, This is the thing which the LORD commanded that you should do: and the glory of the LORD shall appear to you.
Genesis 35:5	And they journeyed: and the terror of God was on the cities that were round about them, and they did not pursue after the sons of Jacob.
Exodus 25:14	And you shall put the staves into the rings by the sides of the ark, that the ark may be borne with them.
Exodus 16:36	Now an omer is the tenth part of an ephah.
Hebrews 3:6	But Christ as a son over his own house; whose house are we, if we hold fast the confidence and the rejoicing of the hope firm to the end.
Proverbs 19:12	The king’s wrath is as the roaring of a lion; but his favor is as dew on the grass.
Philippians 1:19	For I know that this shall turn to my salvation through your prayer, and the supply of the Spirit of Jesus Christ,
Ezra 9:15	O LORD God of Israel, you are righteous: for we remain yet escaped, as it is this day: behold, we are before you in our trespasses: for we cannot stand before you because of this.
Numbers 15:12	According to the number that you shall prepare, so shall you do to every one according to their number.
Ezekiel 31:13	On his ruin shall all the fowls of the heaven remain, and all the beasts of the field shall be on his branches:
Isaiah 51:7	Listen to me, you that know righteousness, the people in whose heart is my law; fear you not the reproach of men, neither be you afraid of their revilings.
Proverbs 6:2	You are snared with the words of your mouth, you are taken with the words of your mouth.
Ezra 10:40	Machnadebai, Shashai, Sharai,
2 Samuel 16:13	And as David and his men went by the way, Shimei went along on the hill’s side over against him, and cursed as he went, and threw stones at him, and cast dust.
Romans 12:10	Be kindly affectionate one to another with brotherly love; in honor preferring one another;
Job 30:6	To dwell in the cliffs of the valleys, in caves of the earth, and in the rocks.
Ecclesiastes 10:15	The labor of the foolish wearies every one of them, because he knows not how to go to the city.
Titus 3:15	All that are with me salute you. Greet them that love us in the faith. Grace be with you all. Amen.
Psalm 63:11	But the king shall rejoice in God; every one that swears by him shall glory: but the mouth of them that speak lies shall be stopped.
Deuteronomy 11:8	Therefore shall you keep all the commandments which I command you this day, that you may be strong, and go in and possess the land, where you go to possess it;
Philemon 1:8	Why, though I might be much bold in Christ to enjoin you that which is convenient,
2 Corinthians 5:14	For the love of Christ constrains us; because we thus judge, that if one died for all, then were all dead:
Psalm 66:8	O bless our God, you people, and make the voice of his praise to be heard:
John 1:5	And the light shines in darkness; and the darkness comprehended it not.
Judges 9:36	And when Gaal saw the people, he said to Zebul, Behold, there come people down from the top of the mountains. And Zebul said to him, You see the shadow of the mountains as if they were men.
Revelation 2:15	So have you also them that hold the doctrine of the Nicolaitanes, which thing I hate.
Isaiah 44:9	They that make a graven image are all of them vanity; and their delectable things shall not profit; and they are their own witnesses; they see not, nor know; that they may be ashamed.
Genesis 35:19	And Rachel died, and was buried in the way to Ephrath, which is Bethlehem.
Luke 12:55	And when you see the south wind blow, you say, There will be heat; and it comes to pass.
2 Peter 2:11	Whereas angels, which are greater in power and might, bring not railing accusation against them before the Lord.
Genesis 5:29	And he called his name Noah, saying, This same shall comfort us concerning our work and toil of our hands, because of the ground which the LORD has cursed.
John 8:37	I know that you are Abraham’s seed; but you seek to kill me, because my word has no place in you.
Deuteronomy 31:4	And the LORD shall do to them as he did to Sihon and to Og, kings of the Amorites, and to the land of them, whom he destroyed.
Amos 3:6	Shall a trumpet be blown in the city, and the people not be afraid? shall there be evil in a city, and the LORD has not done it?
Matthew 14:10	And he sent, and beheaded John in the prison.
1 Kings 11:20	And the sister of Tahpenes bore him Genubath his son, whom Tahpenes weaned in Pharaoh’s house: and Genubath was in Pharaoh’s household among the sons of Pharaoh.
2 Chronicles 15:8	And when Asa heard these words, and the prophecy of Oded the prophet, he took courage, and put away the abominable idols out of all the land of Judah and Benjamin, and out of the cities which he had taken from mount Ephraim, and renewed the altar of the LORD, that was before the porch of the LORD.
Judges 9:2	Speak, I pray you, in the ears of all the men of Shechem, Whether is better for you, either that all the sons of Jerubbaal, which are three score and ten persons, reign over you, or that one reign over you? remember also that I am your bone and your flesh.
Judges 17:2	And he said to his mother, The eleven hundred shekels of silver that were taken from you, about which you cursed, and spoke of also in my ears, behold, the silver is with me; I took it. And his mother said, Blessed be you of the LORD, my son.
Ezekiel 40:14	He made also posts of three score cubits, even to the post of the court round about the gate.
John 12:37	But though he had done so many miracles before them, yet they believed not on him:
Psalm 88:17	They came round about me daily like water; they compassed me about together.
Luke 4:43	And he said to them, I must preach the kingdom of God to other cities also: for therefore am I sent.
Deuteronomy 6:21	Then you shall say to your son, We were Pharaoh’s slaves in Egypt; and the LORD brought us out of Egypt with a mighty hand:
Leviticus 14:11	And the priest that makes him clean shall present the man that is to be made clean, and those things, before the LORD, at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation:
Joel 3:18	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the mountains shall drop down new wine, and the hills shall flow with milk, and all the rivers of Judah shall flow with waters, and a fountain shall come forth out of the house of the LORD, and shall water the valley of Shittim.
Ezekiel 23:8	Neither left she her prostitutions brought from Egypt: for in her youth they lay with her, and they bruised the breasts of her virginity, and poured their prostitution on her.
Hosea 5:4	They will not frame their doings to turn to their God: for the spirit of prostitutions is in the middle of them, and they have not known the LORD.
Ezekiel 16:16	And of your garments you did take, and decked your high places with divers colors, and played the harlot thereupon: the like things shall not come, neither shall it be so.
2 Kings 20:12	At that time Berodachbaladan, the son of Baladan, king of Babylon, sent letters and a present to Hezekiah: for he had heard that Hezekiah had been sick.
John 9:21	But by what means he now sees, we know not; or who has opened his eyes, we know not: he is of age; ask him: he shall speak for himself.
Job 22:22	Receive, I pray you, the law from his mouth, and lay up his words in your heart.
Judges 17:7	And there was a young man out of Bethlehemjudah of the family of Judah, who was a Levite, and he sojourned there.
John 10:20	And many of them said, He has a devil, and is mad; why hear you him?
Jonah 2:7	When my soul fainted within me I remembered the LORD: and my prayer came in to you, into your holy temple.
1 Samuel 13:19	Now there was no smith found throughout all the land of Israel: for the Philistines said, Lest the Hebrews make them swords or spears:
Luke 8:8	And other fell on good ground, and sprang up, and bore fruit an hundred times. And when he had said these things, he cried, He that has ears to hear, let him hear.
Ephesians 5:11	And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them.
2 Kings 16:17	And king Ahaz cut off the borders of the bases, and removed the laver from off them; and took down the sea from off the brazen oxen that were under it, and put it on the pavement of stones.
Jeremiah 30:17	For I will restore health to you, and I will heal you of your wounds, said the LORD; because they called you an Outcast, saying, This is Zion, whom no man seeks after.
Proverbs 19:14	House and riches are the inheritance of fathers: and a prudent wife is from the LORD.
Judges 9:10	And the trees said to the fig tree, Come you, and reign over us.
Luke 2:34	And Simeon blessed them, and said to Mary his mother, Behold, this child is set for the fall and rising again of many in Israel; and for a sign which shall be spoken against;
Judges 5:17	Gilead stayed beyond Jordan: and why did Dan remain in ships? Asher continued on the sea shore, and stayed in his breaches.
Psalm 124:3	Then they had swallowed us up quick, when their wrath was kindled against us:
1 Chronicles 29:29	Now the acts of David the king, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of Samuel the seer, and in the book of Nathan the prophet, and in the book of Gad the seer,
1 Kings 7:46	In the plain of Jordan did the king cast them, in the clay ground between Succoth and Zarthan.
2 Kings 20:7	And Isaiah said, Take a lump of figs. And they took and laid it on the boil, and he recovered.
Exodus 32:9	And the LORD said to Moses, I have seen this people, and, behold, it is a stiff necked people:
Genesis 41:1	And it came to pass at the end of two full years, that Pharaoh dreamed: and, behold, he stood by the river.
Exodus 20:10	But the seventh day is the sabbath of the LORD your God: in it you shall not do any work, you, nor your son, nor your daughter, your manservant, nor your maidservant, nor your cattle, nor your stranger that is within your gates:
Genesis 34:26	And they slew Hamor and Shechem his son with the edge of the sword, and took Dinah out of Shechem’s house, and went out.
Joshua 15:41	And Gederoth, Bethdagon, and Naamah, and Makkedah; sixteen cities with their villages:
Daniel 3:28	Then Nebuchadnezzar spoke, and said, Blessed be the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, who has sent his angel, and delivered his servants that trusted in him, and have changed the king’s word, and yielded their bodies, that they might not serve nor worship any god, except their own God.
Psalm 116:15	Precious in the sight of the LORD is the death of his saints.
Matthew 18:27	Then the lord of that servant was moved with compassion, and loosed him, and forgave him the debt.
Proverbs 20:26	A wise king scatters the wicked, and brings the wheel over them.
Jeremiah 52:31	And it came to pass in the seven and thirtieth year of the captivity of Jehoiachin king of Judah, in the twelfth month, in the five and twentieth day of the month, that Evilmerodach king of Babylon in the first year of his reign lifted up the head of Jehoiachin king of Judah, and brought him forth out of prison.
1 Chronicles 11:24	These things did Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and had the name among the three mighty men.
Matthew 5:33	Again, you have heard that it has been said by them of old time, You shall not forswear yourself, but shall perform to the Lord your oaths:
1 Timothy 5:1	Rebuke not an elder, but entreat him as a father; and the younger men as brothers;
Leviticus 10:9	Do not drink wine nor strong drink, you, nor your sons with you, when you go into the tabernacle of the congregation, lest you die: it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations:
Ezekiel 27:12	Tarshish was your merchant by reason of the multitude of all kind of riches; with silver, iron, tin, and lead, they traded in your fairs.
Exodus 7:13	And he hardened Pharaoh’s heart, that he listened not to them; as the LORD had said.
Revelation 17:13	These have one mind, and shall give their power and strength to the beast.
Isaiah 37:13	Where is the king of Hamath, and the king of Arphad, and the king of the city of Sepharvaim, Hena, and Ivah?
1 Thessalonians 4:5	Not in the lust of concupiscence, even as the Gentiles which know not God:
Job 31:11	For this is an heinous crime; yes, it is an iniquity to be punished by the judges.
John 21:6	And he said to them, Cast the net on the right side of the ship, and you shall find. They cast therefore, and now they were not able to draw it for the multitude of fishes.
Isaiah 2:9	And the mean man bows down, and the great man humbles himself: therefore forgive them not.
John 7:5	For neither did his brothers believe in him.
1 Chronicles 23:16	Of the sons of Gershom, Shebuel was the chief.
2 Chronicles 20:5	And Jehoshaphat stood in the congregation of Judah and Jerusalem, in the house of the LORD, before the new court,
Exodus 23:13	And in all things that I have said to you be circumspect: and make no mention of the name of other gods, neither let it be heard out of your mouth.
Revelation 9:4	And it was commanded them that they should not hurt the grass of the earth, neither any green thing, neither any tree; but only those men which have not the seal of God in their foreheads.
Leviticus 19:14	You shall not curse the deaf, nor put a stumbling block before the blind, but shall fear your God: I am the LORD.
Jeremiah 25:7	Yet you have not listened to me, said the LORD; that you might provoke me to anger with the works of your hands to your own hurt.
Mark 16:2	And very early in the morning the first day of the week, they came to the sepulcher at the rising of the sun.
Deuteronomy 18:18	I will raise them up a Prophet from among their brothers, like to you, and will put my words in his mouth; and he shall speak to them all that I shall command him.
Mark 11:1	And when they came near to Jerusalem, to Bethphage and Bethany, at the mount of Olives, he sends forth two of his disciples,
Jeremiah 23:8	But, The LORD lives, which brought up and which led the seed of the house of Israel out of the north country, and from all countries where I had driven them; and they shall dwell in their own land.
1 Samuel 14:16	And the watchmen of Saul in Gibeah of Benjamin looked; and, behold, the multitude melted away, and they went on beating down one another.
Matthew 22:16	And they sent out to him their disciples with the Herodians, saying, Master, we know that you are true, and teach the way of God in truth, neither care you for any man: for you regard not the person of men.
2 Samuel 14:25	But in all Israel there was none to be so much praised as Absalom for his beauty: from the sole of his foot even to the crown of his head there was no blemish in him.
2 Samuel 21:9	And he delivered them into the hands of the Gibeonites, and they hanged them in the hill before the LORD: and they fell all seven together, and were put to death in the days of harvest, in the first days, in the beginning of barley harvest.
Ezekiel 41:1	Afterward he brought me to the temple, and measured the posts, six cubits broad on the one side, and six cubits broad on the other side, which was the breadth of the tabernacle.
2 Samuel 7:8	Now therefore so shall you say to my servant David, Thus said the LORD of hosts, I took you from the sheepcote, from following the sheep, to be ruler over my people, over Israel:
2 Kings 3:5	But it came to pass, when Ahab was dead, that the king of Moab rebelled against the king of Israel.
Daniel 6:19	Then the king arose very early in the morning, and went in haste to the den of lions.
Revelation 11:13	And the same hour was there a great earthquake, and the tenth part of the city fell, and in the earthquake were slain of men seven thousand: and the remnant were affrighted, and gave glory to the God of heaven.
2 Timothy 1:2	To Timothy, my dearly beloved son: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the Father and Christ Jesus our Lord.
Numbers 5:15	Then shall the man bring his wife to the priest, and he shall bring her offering for her, the tenth part of an ephah of barley meal; he shall pour no oil on it, nor put frankincense thereon; for it is an offering of jealousy, an offering of memorial, bringing iniquity to remembrance.
Job 41:31	He makes the deep to boil like a pot: he makes the sea like a pot of ointment.
Job 13:1	See, my eye has seen all this, my ear has heard and understood it.
James 5:15	And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him.
Nehemiah 2:16	And the rulers knew not where I went, or what I did; neither had I as yet told it to the Jews, nor to the priests, nor to the nobles, nor to the rulers, nor to the rest that did the work.
1 Samuel 4:21	And she named the child Ichabod, saying, The glory is departed from Israel: because the ark of God was taken, and because of her father in law and her husband.
Psalm 68:32	Sing to God, you kingdoms of the earth; O sing praises to the Lord; Selah:
Luke 13:4	Or those eighteen, on whom the tower in Siloam fell, and slew them, think you that they were sinners above all men that dwelled in Jerusalem?
Numbers 31:53	(For the men of war had taken spoil, every man for himself.)
Ezekiel 34:28	And they shall no more be a prey to the heathen, neither shall the beast of the land devour them; but they shall dwell safely, and none shall make them afraid.
Mark 15:37	And Jesus cried with a loud voice, and gave up the ghost.
Hebrews 6:15	And so, after he had patiently endured, he obtained the promise.
Matthew 28:10	Then said Jesus to them, Be not afraid: go tell my brothers that they go into Galilee, and there shall they see me.
Jeremiah 3:6	The LORD said also to me in the days of Josiah the king, Have you seen that which backsliding Israel has done? she is gone up on every high mountain and under every green tree, and there has played the harlot.
Psalm 35:12	They rewarded me evil for good to the spoiling of my soul.
Job 29:25	I chose out their way, and sat chief, and dwelled as a king in the army, as one that comforts the mourners.
Isaiah 59:21	As for me, this is my covenant with them, said the LORD; My spirit that is on you, and my words which I have put in your mouth, shall not depart out of your mouth, nor out of the mouth of your seed, nor out of the mouth of your seed’s seed, said the LORD, from now on and for ever.
Isaiah 7:20	In the same day shall the Lord shave with a razor that is hired, namely, by them beyond the river, by the king of Assyria, the head, and the hair of the feet: and it shall also consume the beard.
Numbers 29:15	And a several tenth deal to each lamb of the fourteen lambs:
Ezekiel 46:23	And there was a row of building round about in them, round about them four, and it was made with boiling places under the rows round about.
1 Corinthians 14:6	Now, brothers, if I come to you speaking with tongues, what shall I profit you, except I shall speak to you either by revelation, or by knowledge, or by prophesying, or by doctrine?
Psalm 87:5	And of Zion it shall be said, This and that man was born in her: and the highest himself shall establish her.
1 Chronicles 1:22	And Ebal, and Abimael, and Sheba,
Lamentations 1:10	The adversary has spread out his hand on all her pleasant things: for she has seen that the heathen entered into her sanctuary, whom you did command that they should not enter into your congregation.
Proverbs 23:10	Remove not the old landmark; and enter not into the fields of the fatherless:
1 Corinthians 4:12	And labor, working with our own hands: being reviled, we bless; being persecuted, we suffer it:
1 Samuel 25:24	And fell at his feet, and said, On me, my lord, on me let this iniquity be: and let your handmaid, I pray you, speak in your audience, and hear the words of your handmaid.
Proverbs 4:20	My son, attend to my words; incline your ear to my sayings.
1 Kings 18:25	And Elijah said to the prophets of Baal, Choose you one bullock for yourselves, and dress it first; for you are many; and call on the name of your gods, but put no fire under.
Matthew 11:1	And it came to pass, when Jesus had made an end of commanding his twelve disciples, he departed there to teach and to preach in their cities.
Matthew 19:30	But many that are first shall be last; and the last shall be first.
Matthew 6:5	And when you pray, you shall not be as the hypocrites are: for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corners of the streets, that they may be seen of men. Truly I say to you, They have their reward.
Ezekiel 36:37	Thus said the Lord GOD; I will yet for this be inquired of by the house of Israel, to do it for them; I will increase them with men like a flock.
Jeremiah 22:25	And I will give you into the hand of them that seek your life, and into the hand of them whose face you fear, even into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, and into the hand of the Chaldeans.
Genesis 4:7	If you do well, shall you not be accepted? and if you do not well, sin lies at the door. And to you shall be his desire, and you shall rule over him.
Romans 9:8	That is, They which are the children of the flesh, these are not the children of God: but the children of the promise are counted for the seed.
Obadiah 1:13	You should not have entered into the gate of my people in the day of their calamity; yes, you should not have looked on their affliction in the day of their calamity, nor have laid hands on their substance in the day of their calamity;
Jude 1:4	For there are certain men crept in unawares, who were before of old ordained to this condemnation, ungodly men, turning the grace of our God into lasciviousness, and denying the only Lord God, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Psalm 119:22	Remove from me reproach and contempt; for I have kept your testimonies.
Proverbs 24:23	These things also belong to the wise. It is not good to have respect of persons in judgment.
Lamentations 3:57	You drew near in the day that I called on you: you said, Fear not.
1 Corinthians 7:7	For I would that all men were even as I myself. But every man has his proper gift of God, one after this manner, and another after that.
Ezra 10:29	And of the sons of Bani; Meshullam, Malluch, and Adaiah, Jashub, and Sheal, and Ramoth.
Exodus 23:29	I will not drive them out from before you in one year; lest the land become desolate, and the beast of the field multiply against you.
2 Samuel 22:21	The LORD rewarded me according to my righteousness: according to the cleanness of my hands has he recompensed me.
Genesis 33:5	And he lifted up his eyes, and saw the women and the children; and said, Who are those with you? And he said, The children which God has graciously given your servant.
Mark 14:49	I was daily with you in the temple teaching, and you took me not: but the scriptures must be fulfilled.
Joshua 4:22	Then you shall let your children know, saying, Israel came over this Jordan on dry land.
2 Samuel 23:4	And he shall be as the light of the morning, when the sun rises, even a morning without clouds; as the tender grass springing out of the earth by clear shining after rain.
James 2:1	My brothers, have not the faith of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Lord of glory, with respect of persons.
Leviticus 2:3	And the remnant of the meat offering shall be Aaron’s and his sons’: it is a thing most holy of the offerings of the LORD made by fire.
2 Corinthians 8:10	And herein I give my advice: for this is expedient for you, who have begun before, not only to do, but also to be forward a year ago.
Zephaniah 3:18	I will gather them that are sorrowful for the solemn assembly, who are of you, to whom the reproach of it was a burden.
2 Kings 17:35	With whom the LORD had made a covenant, and charged them, saying, You shall not fear other gods, nor bow yourselves to them, nor serve them, nor sacrifice to them:
Psalm 31:5	Into your hand I commit my spirit: you have redeemed me, O LORD God of truth.
Psalm 49:18	Though while he lived he blessed his soul: and men will praise you, when you do well to yourself.
Jeremiah 49:36	And on Elam will I bring the four winds from the four quarters of heaven, and will scatter them toward all those winds; and there shall be no nation where the outcasts of Elam shall not come.
2 Samuel 19:43	And the men of Israel answered the men of Judah, and said, We have ten parts in the king, and we have also more right in David than you: why then did you despise us, that our advice should not be first had in bringing back our king? And the words of the men of Judah were fiercer than the words of the men of Israel.
John 8:25	Then said they to him, Who are you? And Jesus said to them, Even the same that I said to you from the beginning.
Luke 14:12	Then said he also to him that bade him, When you make a dinner or a supper, call not your friends, nor your brothers, neither your kinsmen, nor your rich neighbors; lest they also bid you again, and a recompense be made you.
1 Kings 20:3	Your silver and your gold is mine; your wives also and your children, even the best, are mine.
Acts 10:29	Therefore came I to you without gainsaying, as soon as I was sent for: I ask therefore for what intent you have sent for me?
Joshua 19:1	And the second lot came forth to Simeon, even for the tribe of the children of Simeon according to their families: and their inheritance was within the inheritance of the children of Judah.
1 Kings 22:20	And the LORD said, Who shall persuade Ahab, that he may go up and fall at Ramothgilead? And one said on this manner, and another said on that manner.
Psalm 68:19	Blessed be the Lord, who daily loads us with benefits, even the God of our salvation. Selah.
Exodus 28:11	With the work of an engraver in stone, like the engravings of a signet, shall you engrave the two stones with the names of the children of Israel: you shall make them to be set in ouches of gold.
Genesis 1:19	And the evening and the morning were the fourth day.
Numbers 33:15	And they departed from Rephidim, and pitched in the wilderness of Sinai.
1 Kings 22:28	And Micaiah said, If you return at all in peace, the LORD has not spoken by me. And he said, Listen, O people, every one of you.
Psalm 49:4	I will incline my ear to a parable: I will open my dark saying on the harp.
Romans 9:12	It was said to her, The elder shall serve the younger.
Psalm 110:4	The LORD has sworn, and will not repent, You are a priest for ever after the order of Melchizedek.
Numbers 33:8	And they departed from before Pihahiroth, and passed through the middle of the sea into the wilderness, and went three days’ journey in the wilderness of Etham, and pitched in Marah.
Mark 6:15	Others said, That it is Elias. And others said, That it is a prophet, or as one of the prophets.
Ecclesiastes 5:9	Moreover the profit of the earth is for all: the king himself is served by the field.
Leviticus 5:4	Or if a soul swear, pronouncing with his lips to do evil, or to do good, whatever it be that a man shall pronounce with an oath, and it be hid from him; when he knows of it, then he shall be guilty in one of these.
1 Corinthians 14:32	And the spirits of the prophets are subject to the prophets.
Genesis 15:16	But in the fourth generation they shall come here again: for the iniquity of the Amorites is not yet full.
Jeremiah 23:23	Am I a God at hand, said the LORD, and not a God afar off?
Colossians 4:16	And when this letter is read among you, cause that it be read also in the church of the Laodiceans; and that you likewise read the letter from Laodicea.
Acts 7:5	And he gave him none inheritance in it, no, not so much as to set his foot on: yet he promised that he would give it to him for a possession, and to his seed after him, when as yet he had no child.
Luke 22:60	And Peter said, Man, I know not what you say. And immediately, while he yet spoke, the cock crew.
Job 8:9	(For we are but of yesterday, and know nothing, because our days on earth are a shadow:)
2 Chronicles 32:21	And the LORD sent an angel, which cut off all the mighty men of valor, and the leaders and captains in the camp of the king of Assyria. So he returned with shame of face to his own land. And when he was come into the house of his god, they that came forth of his own bowels slew him there with the sword.
Nahum 1:4	He rebukes the sea, and makes it dry, and dries up all the rivers: Bashan languishes, and Carmel, and the flower of Lebanon languishes.
Jeremiah 10:19	Woe is me for my hurt! my wound is grievous; but I said, Truly this is a grief, and I must bear it.
Isaiah 24:3	The land shall be utterly emptied, and utterly spoiled: for the LORD has spoken this word.
Zechariah 8:3	Thus said the LORD; I am returned to Zion, and will dwell in the middle of Jerusalem: and Jerusalem shall be called a city of truth; and the mountain of the LORD of hosts the holy mountain.
Deuteronomy 9:3	Understand therefore this day, that the LORD your God is he which goes over before you; as a consuming fire he shall destroy them, and he shall bring them down before your face: so shall you drive them out, and destroy them quickly, as the LORD has said to you.
Numbers 27:23	And he laid his hands on him, and gave him a charge, as the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses.
Exodus 29:17	And you shall cut the ram in pieces, and wash the inwards of him, and his legs, and put them to his pieces, and to his head.
2 Kings 2:14	And he took the mantle of Elijah that fell from him, and smote the waters, and said, Where is the LORD God of Elijah? and when he also had smitten the waters, they parted here and thither: and Elisha went over.
Isaiah 10:11	Shall I not, as I have done to Samaria and her idols, so do to Jerusalem and her idols?
Judges 16:23	Then the lords of the Philistines gathered them together for to offer a great sacrifice to Dagon their god, and to rejoice: for they said, Our god has delivered Samson our enemy into our hand.
1 Chronicles 4:27	And Shimei had sixteen sons and six daughters: but his brothers had not many children, neither did all their family multiply, like to the children of Judah.
Isaiah 15:2	He is gone up to Bajith, and to Dibon, the high places, to weep: Moab shall howl over Nebo, and over Medeba: on all their heads shall be baldness, and every beard cut off.
Ephesians 4:13	Till we all come in the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, to a perfect man, to the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ:
Jeremiah 20:17	Because he slew me not from the womb; or that my mother might have been my grave, and her womb to be always great with me.
Numbers 17:7	And Moses laid up the rods before the LORD in the tabernacle of witness.
Leviticus 14:5	And the priest shall command that one of the birds be killed in an earthen vessel over running water:
Exodus 27:6	And you shall make staves for the altar, staves of shittim wood, and overlay them with brass.
Acts 3:5	And he gave heed to them, expecting to receive something of them.
2 Samuel 22:9	There went up a smoke out of his nostrils, and fire out of his mouth devoured: coals were kindled by it.
Revelation 11:15	And the seventh angel sounded; and there were great voices in heaven, saying, The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord, and of his Christ; and he shall reign for ever and ever.
Psalm 17:12	Like as a lion that is greedy of his prey, and as it were a young lion lurking in secret places.
Numbers 18:18	And the flesh of them shall be yours, as the wave breast and as the right shoulder are yours.
Jeremiah 32:18	You show loving kindness to thousands, and recompense the iniquity of the fathers into the bosom of their children after them: the Great, the Mighty God, the LORD of hosts, is his name,
Isaiah 54:8	In a little wrath I hid my face from you for a moment; but with everlasting kindness will I have mercy on you, said the LORD your Redeemer.
1 Kings 10:22	For the king had at sea a navy of Tharshish with the navy of Hiram: once in three years came the navy of Tharshish, bringing gold, and silver, ivory, and apes, and peacocks.
Deuteronomy 28:29	And you shall grope at noonday, as the blind gropes in darkness, and you shall not prosper in your ways: and you shall be only oppressed and spoiled ever more, and no man shall save you.
Ezekiel 48:28	And by the border of Gad, at the south side southward, the border shall be even from Tamar to the waters of strife in Kadesh, and to the river toward the great sea.
Luke 10:41	And Jesus answered and said to her, Martha, Martha, you are careful and troubled about many things:
Daniel 11:19	Then he shall turn his face toward the fort of his own land: but he shall stumble and fall, and not be found.
Deuteronomy 2:14	And the space in which we came from Kadeshbarnea, until we were come over the brook Zered, was thirty and eight years; until all the generation of the men of war were wasted out from among the host, as the LORD swore to them.
Daniel 11:37	Neither shall he regard the God of his fathers, nor the desire of women, nor regard any god: for he shall magnify himself above all.
Psalm 105:41	He opened the rock, and the waters gushed out; they ran in the dry places like a river.
Ezekiel 37:15	The word of the LORD came again to me, saying,
Revelation 19:8	And to her was granted that she should be arrayed in fine linen, clean and white: for the fine linen is the righteousness of saints.
Psalm 22:30	A seed shall serve him; it shall be accounted to the Lord for a generation.
Numbers 8:5	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Exodus 3:17	And I have said, I will bring you up out of the affliction of Egypt to the land of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, to a land flowing with milk and honey.
Joshua 10:39	And he took it, and the king thereof, and all the cities thereof; and they smote them with the edge of the sword, and utterly destroyed all the souls that were therein; he left none remaining: as he had done to Hebron, so he did to Debir, and to the king thereof; as he had done also to Libnah, and to her king.
Daniel 11:28	Then shall he return into his land with great riches; and his heart shall be against the holy covenant; and he shall do exploits, and return to his own land.
Psalm 39:12	Hear my prayer, O LORD, and give ear to my cry; hold not your peace at my tears: for I am a stranger with you, and a sojourner, as all my fathers were.
2 Samuel 3:21	And Abner said to David, I will arise and go, and will gather all Israel to my lord the king, that they may make a league with you, and that you may reign over all that your heart desires. And David sent Abner away; and he went in peace.
Jeremiah 38:28	So Jeremiah stayed in the court of the prison until the day that Jerusalem was taken: and he was there when Jerusalem was taken.
Exodus 32:13	Remember Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, your servants, to whom you swore by your own self, and said to them, I will multiply your seed as the stars of heaven, and all this land that I have spoken of will I give to your seed, and they shall inherit it for ever.
1 John 5:17	All unrighteousness is sin: and there is a sin not to death.
Exodus 4:17	And you shall take this rod in your hand, with which you shall do signs.
Revelation 16:9	And men were scorched with great heat, and blasphemed the name of God, which has power over these plagues: and they repented not to give him glory.
Numbers 14:6	And Joshua the son of Nun, and Caleb the son of Jephunneh, which were of them that searched the land, rent their clothes:
Mark 6:3	Is not this the carpenter, the son of Mary, the brother of James, and Joses, and of Juda, and Simon? and are not his sisters here with us? And they were offended at him.
Joshua 5:4	And this is the cause why Joshua did circumcise: All the people that came out of Egypt, that were males, even all the men of war, died in the wilderness by the way, after they came out of Egypt.
1 John 3:13	Marvel not, my brothers, if the world hate you.
2 Corinthians 7:8	For though I made you sorry with a letter, I do not repent, though I did repent: for I perceive that the same letter has made you sorry, though it were but for a season.
Esther 4:17	So Mordecai went his way, and did according to all that Esther had commanded him.
Ezekiel 2:8	But you, son of man, hear what I say to you; Be not you rebellious like that rebellious house: open your mouth, and eat that I give you.
Psalm 18:10	And he rode on a cherub, and did fly: yes, he did fly on the wings of the wind.
2 Samuel 1:11	Then David took hold on his clothes, and rent them; and likewise all the men that were with him:
2 Corinthians 8:24	Why show you to them, and before the churches, the proof of your love, and of our boasting on your behalf.
2 Kings 11:2	But Jehosheba, the daughter of king Joram, sister of Ahaziah, took Joash the son of Ahaziah, and stole him from among the king’s sons which were slain; and they hid him, even him and his nurse, in the bedchamber from Athaliah, so that he was not slain.
Psalm 122:7	Peace be within your walls, and prosperity within your palaces.
2 Samuel 21:8	But the king took the two sons of Rizpah the daughter of Aiah, whom she bore to Saul, Armoni and Mephibosheth; and the five sons of Michal the daughter of Saul, whom she brought up for Adriel the son of Barzillai the Meholathite:
Genesis 12:15	The princes also of Pharaoh saw her, and commended her before Pharaoh: and the woman was taken into Pharaoh’s house.
1 Chronicles 8:23	And Abdon, and Zichri, and Hanan,
John 8:49	Jesus answered, I have not a devil; but I honor my Father, and you do dishonor me.
Leviticus 5:14	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Psalm 130:3	If you, LORD, should mark iniquities, O Lord, who shall stand?
Job 7:13	When I say, My bed shall comfort me, my couch shall ease my complaints;
Micah 4:9	Now why do you cry out aloud? is there no king in you? is your counselor perished? for pangs have taken you as a woman in travail.
Proverbs 2:18	For her house inclines to death, and her paths to the dead.
Job 7:4	When I lie down, I say, When shall I arise, and the night be gone? and I am full of tossings to and fro to the dawning of the day.
Joshua 4:10	For the priests which bore the ark stood in the middle of Jordan, until everything was finished that the LORD commanded Joshua to speak to the people, according to all that Moses commanded Joshua: and the people hurried and passed over.
1 Samuel 7:9	And Samuel took a sucking lamb, and offered it for a burnt offering wholly to the LORD: and Samuel cried to the LORD for Israel; and the LORD heard him.
2 Samuel 19:6	In that you love your enemies, and hate your friends. For you have declared this day, that you regard neither princes nor servants: for this day I perceive, that if Absalom had lived, and all we had died this day, then it had pleased you well.
Jeremiah 35:13	Thus said the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Go and tell the men of Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, Will you not receive instruction to listen to my words? said the LORD.
Luke 15:23	And bring here the fatted calf, and kill it; and let us eat, and be merry:
Deuteronomy 14:1	You are the children of the LORD your God: you shall not cut yourselves, nor make any baldness between your eyes for the dead.
Psalm 82:3	Defend the poor and fatherless: do justice to the afflicted and needy.
Acts 15:7	And when there had been much disputing, Peter rose up, and said to them, Men and brothers, you know how that a good while ago God made choice among us, that the Gentiles by my mouth should hear the word of the gospel, and believe.
Job 7:1	Is there not an appointed time to man on earth? are not his days also like the days of an hireling?
James 1:15	Then when lust has conceived, it brings forth sin: and sin, when it is finished, brings forth death.
Psalm 30:8	I cried to you, O LORD; and to the LORD I made supplication.
Leviticus 19:9	And when you reap the harvest of your land, you shall not wholly reap the corners of your field, neither shall you gather the gleanings of your harvest.
Jeremiah 36:24	Yet they were not afraid, nor rent their garments, neither the king, nor any of his servants that heard all these words.
Acts 28:4	And when the barbarians saw the venomous beast hang on his hand, they said among themselves, No doubt this man is a murderer, whom, though he has escaped the sea, yet vengeance suffers not to live.
2 Chronicles 20:13	And all Judah stood before the LORD, with their little ones, their wives, and their children.
1 Kings 6:22	And the whole house he overlaid with gold, until he had finished all the house: also the whole altar that was by the oracle he overlaid with gold.
1 Samuel 16:20	And Jesse took an ass laden with bread, and a bottle of wine, and a kid, and sent them by David his son to Saul.
Job 10:5	Are your days as the days of man? are your years as man’s days,
Ezekiel 41:9	The thickness of the wall, which was for the side chamber without, was five cubits: and that which was left was the place of the side chambers that were within.
2 Chronicles 24:2	And Joash did that which was right in the sight of the LORD all the days of Jehoiada the priest.
Proverbs 17:28	Even a fool, when he holds his peace, is counted wise: and he that shuts his lips is esteemed a man of understanding.
Joshua 8:4	And he commanded them, saying, Behold, you shall lie in wait against the city, even behind the city: go not very far from the city, but be you all ready:
Isaiah 43:3	For I am the LORD your God, the Holy One of Israel, your Savior: I gave Egypt for your ransom, Ethiopia and Seba for you.
Jeremiah 17:23	But they obeyed not, neither inclined their ear, but made their neck stiff, that they might not hear, nor receive instruction.
2 Kings 24:20	For through the anger of the LORD it came to pass in Jerusalem and Judah, until he had cast them out from his presence, that Zedekiah rebelled against the king of Babylon.
Jeremiah 43:11	And when he comes, he shall smite the land of Egypt, and deliver such as are for death to death; and such as are for captivity to captivity; and such as are for the sword to the sword.
Esther 9:32	And the decree of Esther confirmed these matters of Purim; and it was written in the book.
1 Corinthians 1:16	And I baptized also the household of Stephanas: besides, I know not whether I baptized any other.
1 Kings 7:17	And nets of checker work, and wreaths of chain work, for the capitals which were on the top of the pillars; seven for the one capital, and seven for the other capital.
2 Chronicles 9:3	And when the queen of Sheba had seen the wisdom of Solomon, and the house that he had built,
Joshua 24:12	And I sent the hornet before you, which drove them out from before you, even the two kings of the Amorites; but not with your sword, nor with your bow.
Luke 13:30	And, behold, there are last which shall be first, and there are first which shall be last.
Exodus 29:10	And you shall cause a bullock to be brought before the tabernacle of the congregation: and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands on the head of the bullock.
Nehemiah 12:27	And at the dedication of the wall of Jerusalem they sought the Levites out of all their places, to bring them to Jerusalem, to keep the dedication with gladness, both with thanksgivings, and with singing, with cymbals, psalteries, and with harps.
Joel 2:5	Like the noise of chariots on the tops of mountains shall they leap, like the noise of a flame of fire that devours the stubble, as a strong people set in battle array.
Deuteronomy 26:9	And he has brought us into this place, and has given us this land, even a land that flows with milk and honey.
2 Chronicles 36:7	Nebuchadnezzar also carried of the vessels of the house of the LORD to Babylon, and put them in his temple at Babylon.
Psalm 92:6	A brutish man knows not; neither does a fool understand this.
John 21:2	There were together Simon Peter, and Thomas called Didymus, and Nathanael of Cana in Galilee, and the sons of Zebedee, and two other of his disciples.
Nahum 3:2	The noise of a whip, and the noise of the rattling of the wheels, and of the prancing horses, and of the jumping chariots.
Deuteronomy 11:9	And that you may prolong your days in the land, which the LORD swore to your fathers to give to them and to their seed, a land that flows with milk and honey.
2 Samuel 12:14	However,, because by this deed you have given great occasion to the enemies of the LORD to blaspheme, the child also that is born to you shall surely die.
Ephesians 3:10	To the intent that now to the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church the manifold wisdom of God,
Judges 5:9	My heart is toward the governors of Israel, that offered themselves willingly among the people. Bless you the LORD.
Acts 8:1	And Saul was consenting to his death. And at that time there was a great persecution against the church which was at Jerusalem; and they were all scattered abroad throughout the regions of Judaea and Samaria, except the apostles.
Leviticus 21:19	Or a man that is broken footed, or broken handed,
Proverbs 21:11	When the scorner is punished, the simple is made wise: and when the wise is instructed, he receives knowledge.
Isaiah 53:6	All we like sheep have gone astray; we have turned every one to his own way; and the LORD has laid on him the iniquity of us all.
Leviticus 20:4	And if the people of the land do any ways hide their eyes from the man, when he gives of his seed to Molech, and kill him not:
1 Samuel 18:3	Then Jonathan and David made a covenant, because he loved him as his own soul.
Psalm 107:38	He blesses them also, so that they are multiplied greatly; and suffers not their cattle to decrease.
Deuteronomy 14:8	And the swine, because it divides the hoof, yet chews not the cud, it is unclean to you: you shall not eat of their flesh, nor touch their dead carcass.
Mark 12:23	In the resurrection therefore, when they shall rise, whose wife shall she be of them? for the seven had her to wife.
Numbers 14:31	But your little ones, which you said should be a prey, them will I bring in, and they shall know the land which you have despised.
Proverbs 29:13	The poor and the deceitful man meet together: the LORD lightens both their eyes.
Jeremiah 23:3	And I will gather the remnant of my flock out of all countries where I have driven them, and will bring them again to their folds; and they shall be fruitful and increase.
Ephesians 3:11	According to the eternal purpose which he purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord:
Job 35:11	Who teaches us more than the beasts of the earth, and makes us wiser than the fowls of heaven?
Luke 17:16	And fell down on his face at his feet, giving him thanks: and he was a Samaritan.
Acts 7:45	Which also our fathers that came after brought in with Jesus into the possession of the Gentiles, whom God drove out before the face of our fathers, to the days of David;
John 5:12	Then asked they him, What man is that which said to you, Take up your bed, and walk?
2 Chronicles 22:2	Forty and two years old was Ahaziah when he began to reign, and he reigned one year in Jerusalem. His mother’s name also was Athaliah the daughter of Omri.
Deuteronomy 4:10	Specially the day that you stood before the LORD your God in Horeb, when the LORD said to me, Gather me the people together, and I will make them hear my words, that they may learn to fear me all the days that they shall live on the earth, and that they may teach their children.
Deuteronomy 2:28	You shall sell me meat for money, that I may eat; and give me water for money, that I may drink: only I will pass through on my feet;
Revelation 7:15	Therefore are they before the throne of God, and serve him day and night in his temple: and he that sits on the throne shall dwell among them.
Deuteronomy 28:44	He shall lend to you, and you shall not lend to him: he shall be the head, and you shall be the tail.
1 Chronicles 21:6	But Levi and Benjamin counted he not among them: for the king’s word was abominable to Joab.
Mark 14:64	You have heard the blasphemy: what think you? And they all condemned him to be guilty of death.
Jeremiah 5:4	Therefore I said, Surely these are poor; they are foolish: for they know not the way of the LORD, nor the judgment of their God.
Nehemiah 7:4	Now the city was large and great: but the people were few therein, and the houses were not built.
1 Kings 1:19	And he has slain oxen and fat cattle and sheep in abundance, and has called all the sons of the king, and Abiathar the priest, and Joab the captain of the host: but Solomon your servant has he not called.
Genesis 32:17	And he commanded the foremost, saying, When Esau my brother meets you, and asks you, saying, Whose are you? and where go you? and whose are these before you?
2 Chronicles 16:3	There is a league between me and you, as there was between my father and your father: behold, I have sent you silver and gold; go, break your league with Baasha king of Israel, that he may depart from me.
Genesis 1:30	And to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to every thing that creeps on the earth, wherein there is life, I have given every green herb for meat: and it was so.
1 Chronicles 27:12	The ninth captain for the ninth month was Abiezer the Anetothite, of the Benjamites: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
Leviticus 11:44	For I am the LORD your God: you shall therefore sanctify yourselves, and you shall be holy; for I am holy: neither shall you defile yourselves with any manner of creeping thing that creeps on the earth.
1 Corinthians 15:57	But thanks be to God, which gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.
John 11:36	Then said the Jews, Behold how he loved him!
Ruth 2:10	Then she fell on her face, and bowed herself to the ground, and said to him, Why have I found grace in your eyes, that you should take knowledge of me, seeing I am a stranger?
John 20:5	And he stooping down, and looking in, saw the linen clothes lying; yet went he not in.
Exodus 32:8	They have turned aside quickly out of the way which I commanded them: they have made them a molten calf, and have worshipped it, and have sacrificed thereunto, and said, These be your gods, O Israel, which have brought you up out of the land of Egypt.
Hebrews 7:9	And as I may so say, Levi also, who receives tithes, paid tithes in Abraham.
Deuteronomy 22:28	If a man find a damsel that is a virgin, which is not betrothed, and lay hold on her, and lie with her, and they be found;
Mark 14:16	And his disciples went forth, and came into the city, and found as he had said to them: and they made ready the passover.
Zechariah 8:10	For before these days there was no hire for man, nor any hire for beast; neither was there any peace to him that went out or came in because of the affliction: for I set all men every one against his neighbor.
1 Thessalonians 5:26	Greet all the brothers with an holy kiss.
2 Corinthians 4:8	We are troubled on every side, yet not distressed; we are perplexed, but not in despair;
Hebrews 4:11	Let us labor therefore to enter into that rest, lest any man fall after the same example of unbelief.
Hosea 4:4	Yet let no man strive, nor reprove another: for your people are as they that strive with the priest.
Jeremiah 46:11	Go up into Gilead, and take balm, O virgin, the daughter of Egypt: in vain shall you use many medicines; for you shall not be cured.
Proverbs 6:24	To keep you from the evil woman, from the flattery of the tongue of a strange woman.
Genesis 50:7	And Joseph went up to bury his father: and with him went up all the servants of Pharaoh, the elders of his house, and all the elders of the land of Egypt,
Jeremiah 17:12	A glorious high throne from the beginning is the place of our sanctuary.
Leviticus 21:16	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Isaiah 50:5	The Lord GOD has opened my ear, and I was not rebellious, neither turned away back.
Romans 16:25	Now to him that is of power to establish you according to my gospel, and the preaching of Jesus Christ, according to the revelation of the mystery, which was kept secret since the world began,
Hosea 2:22	And the earth shall hear the corn, and the wine, and the oil; and they shall hear Jezreel.
2 Chronicles 19:9	And he charged them, saying, Thus shall you do in the fear of the LORD, faithfully, and with a perfect heart.
Judges 15:16	And Samson said, With the jawbone of an ass, heaps on heaps, with the jaw of an ass have I slain a thousand men.
Hosea 9:8	The watchman of Ephraim was with my God: but the prophet is a snare of a fowler in all his ways, and hatred in the house of his God.
Exodus 30:11	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Luke 16:13	No servant can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. You cannot serve God and mammon.
Mark 11:13	And seeing a fig tree afar off having leaves, he came, if haply he might find any thing thereon: and when he came to it, he found nothing but leaves; for the time of figs was not yet.
1 Chronicles 21:14	So the LORD sent pestilence on Israel: and there fell of Israel seventy thousand men.
1 Samuel 28:25	And she brought it before Saul, and before his servants; and they did eat. Then they rose up, and went away that night.
Isaiah 56:5	Even to them will I give in my house and within my walls a place and a name better than of sons and of daughters: I will give them an everlasting name, that shall not be cut off.
Jeremiah 48:5	For in the going up of Luhith continual weeping shall go up; for in the going down of Horonaim the enemies have heard a cry of destruction.
Acts 24:11	Because that you may understand, that there are yet but twelve days since I went up to Jerusalem for to worship.
Luke 16:10	He that is faithful in that which is least is faithful also in much: and he that is unjust in the least is unjust also in much.
Deuteronomy 18:6	And if a Levite come from any of your gates out of all Israel, where he sojourned, and come with all the desire of his mind to the place which the LORD shall choose;
John 19:34	But one of the soldiers with a spear pierced his side, and immediately came there out blood and water.
Daniel 6:15	Then these men assembled to the king, and said to the king, Know, O king, that the law of the Medes and Persians is, That no decree nor statute which the king establishes may be changed.
Isaiah 5:4	What could have been done more to my vineyard, that I have not done in it? why, when I looked that it should bring forth grapes, brought it forth wild grapes?
Exodus 26:37	And you shall make for the hanging five pillars of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold, and their hooks shall be of gold: and you shall cast five sockets of brass for them.
Leviticus 18:28	That the land spew not you out also, when you defile it, as it spewed out the nations that were before you.
Ruth 2:5	Then said Boaz to his servant that was set over the reapers, Whose damsel is this?
Leviticus 26:3	If you walk in my statutes, and keep my commandments, and do them;
2 Kings 24:16	And all the men of might, even seven thousand, and craftsmen and smiths a thousand, all that were strong and apt for war, even them the king of Babylon brought captive to Babylon.
Genesis 10:4	And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim.
Amos 3:7	Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he reveals his secret to his servants the prophets.
Genesis 21:5	And Abraham was an hundred years old, when his son Isaac was born to him.
Jeremiah 2:18	And now what have you to do in the way of Egypt, to drink the waters of Sihor? or what have you to do in the way of Assyria, to drink the waters of the river?
Matthew 22:42	Saying, What think you of Christ? whose son is he? They say to him, The son of David.
Psalm 108:7	God has spoken in his holiness; I will rejoice, I will divide Shechem, and mete out the valley of Succoth.
Psalm 119:148	My eyes prevent the night watches, that I might meditate in your word.
Romans 8:28	And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose.
Hebrews 11:38	(Of whom the world was not worthy:) they wandered in deserts, and in mountains, and in dens and caves of the earth.
Nehemiah 4:21	So we labored in the work: and half of them held the spears from the rising of the morning till the stars appeared.
1 Chronicles 9:12	And Adaiah the son of Jeroham, the son of Pashur, the son of Malchijah, and Maasiai the son of Adiel, the son of Jahzerah, the son of Meshullam, the son of Meshillemith, the son of Immer;
1 Chronicles 11:18	And the three broke through the host of the Philistines, and drew water out of the well of Bethlehem, that was by the gate, and took it, and brought it to David: but David would not drink of it, but poured it out to the LORD.
Ezekiel 26:2	Son of man, because that Tyrus has said against Jerusalem, Aha, she is broken that was the gates of the people: she is turned to me: I shall be replenished, now she is laid waste:
James 1:22	But be you doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving your own selves.
Genesis 47:14	And Joseph gathered up all the money that was found in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, for the corn which they bought: and Joseph brought the money into Pharaoh’s house.
Zechariah 4:14	Then said he, These are the two anointed ones, that stand by the LORD of the whole earth.
John 5:1	After this there was a feast of the Jews; and Jesus went up to Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 16:9	Then said Abishai the son of Zeruiah to the king, Why should this dead dog curse my lord the king? let me go over, I pray you, and take off his head.
Joshua 19:15	And Kattath, and Nahallal, and Shimron, and Idalah, and Bethlehem: twelve cities with their villages.
Ezekiel 38:16	And you shall come up against my people of Israel, as a cloud to cover the land; it shall be in the latter days, and I will bring you against my land, that the heathen may know me, when I shall be sanctified in you, O Gog, before their eyes.
Job 8:19	Behold, this is the joy of his way, and out of the earth shall others grow.
Exodus 7:7	And Moses was fourscore years old, and Aaron fourscore and three years old, when they spoke to Pharaoh.
Psalm 121:1	I will lift up my eyes to the hills, from where comes my help.
Deuteronomy 4:13	And he declared to you his covenant, which he commanded you to perform, even ten commandments; and he wrote them on two tables of stone.
Jeremiah 34:10	Now when all the princes, and all the people, which had entered into the covenant, heard that every one should let his manservant, and every one his maidservant, go free, that none should serve themselves of them any more, then they obeyed, and let them go.
1 Chronicles 6:10	And Johanan begat Azariah, (he it is that executed the priest’s office in the temple that Solomon built in Jerusalem:)
Revelation 15:6	And the seven angels came out of the temple, having the seven plagues, clothed in pure and white linen, and having their breasts girded with golden girdles.
Ezekiel 20:30	Why say to the house of Israel, Thus said the Lord GOD; Are you polluted after the manner of your fathers? and commit you prostitution after their abominations?
Psalm 111:5	He has given meat to them that fear him: he will ever be mindful of his covenant.
Nehemiah 13:22	And I commanded the Levites that they should cleanse themselves, and that they should come and keep the gates, to sanctify the sabbath day. Remember me, O my God, concerning this also, and spare me according to the greatness of your mercy.
Psalm 146:5	Happy is he that has the God of Jacob for his help, whose hope is in the LORD his God:
1 Chronicles 6:22	The sons of Kohath; Amminadab his son, Korah his son, Assir his son,
Joshua 10:28	And that day Joshua took Makkedah, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and the king thereof he utterly destroyed, them, and all the souls that were therein; he let none remain: and he did to the king of Makkedah as he did to the king of Jericho.
Ezekiel 16:15	But you did trust in your own beauty, and played the harlot because of your renown, and poured out your fornications on every one that passed by; his it was.
Isaiah 13:10	For the stars of heaven and the constellations thereof shall not give their light: the sun shall be darkened in his going forth, and the moon shall not cause her light to shine.
Deuteronomy 12:20	When the LORD your God shall enlarge your border, as he has promised you, and you shall say, I will eat flesh, because your soul longs to eat flesh; you may eat flesh, whatever your soul lusts after.
Nehemiah 4:4	Hear, O our God; for we are despised: and turn their reproach on their own head, and give them for a prey in the land of captivity:
Hosea 11:1	When Israel was a child, then I loved him, and called my son out of Egypt.
Hosea 7:9	Strangers have devoured his strength, and he knows it not: yes, gray hairs are here and there on him, yet he knows not.
Genesis 29:27	Fulfill her week, and we will give you this also for the service which you shall serve with me yet seven other years.
Luke 15:25	Now his elder son was in the field: and as he came and drew near to the house, he heard music and dancing.
Numbers 9:6	And there were certain men, who were defiled by the dead body of a man, that they could not keep the passover on that day: and they came before Moses and before Aaron on that day:
Ephesians 6:16	Above all, taking the shield of faith, with which you shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.
Ezra 8:8	And of the sons of Shephatiah; Zebadiah the son of Michael, and with him fourscore males.
Judges 6:33	Then all the Midianites and the Amalekites and the children of the east were gathered together, and went over, and pitched in the valley of Jezreel.
Genesis 1:26	And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creeps on the earth.
Psalm 149:7	To execute vengeance on the heathen, and punishments on the people;
Luke 24:8	And they remembered his words,
1 Samuel 24:12	The LORD judge between me and you, and the LORD avenge me of you: but my hand shall not be on you.
Job 20:12	Though wickedness be sweet in his mouth, though he hide it under his tongue;
Ezekiel 13:15	Thus will I accomplish my wrath on the wall, and on them that have daubed it with untempered mortar, and will say to you, The wall is no more, neither they that daubed it;
1 Timothy 2:15	Notwithstanding she shall be saved in childbearing, if they continue in faith and charity and holiness with sobriety.
Deuteronomy 2:11	Which also were accounted giants, as the Anakims; but the Moabites called them Emims.
2 Kings 3:17	For thus said the LORD, You shall not see wind, neither shall you see rain; yet that valley shall be filled with water, that you may drink, both you, and your cattle, and your beasts.
John 21:4	But when the morning was now come, Jesus stood on the shore: but the disciples knew not that it was Jesus.
Proverbs 20:1	Wine is a mocker, strong drink is raging: and whoever is deceived thereby is not wise.
Genesis 17:11	And you shall circumcise the flesh of your foreskin; and it shall be a token of the covenant between me and you.
2 Kings 15:38	And Jotham slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Ahaz his son reigned in his stead.
Psalm 34:1	I will bless the LORD at all times: his praise shall continually be in my mouth.
2 Kings 14:18	And the rest of the acts of Amaziah, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Job 31:35	Oh that one would hear me! behold, my desire is, that the Almighty would answer me, and that my adversary had written a book.
Proverbs 13:9	The light of the righteous rejoices: but the lamp of the wicked shall be put out.
Leviticus 7:5	And the priest shall burn them on the altar for an offering made by fire to the LORD: it is a trespass offering.
2 Samuel 23:12	But he stood in the middle of the ground, and defended it, and slew the Philistines: and the LORD worked a great victory.
Matthew 10:17	But beware of men: for they will deliver you up to the councils, and they will whip you in their synagogues;
Job 7:21	And why do you not pardon my transgression, and take away my iniquity? for now shall I sleep in the dust; and you shall seek me in the morning, but I shall not be.
Psalm 82:7	But you shall die like men, and fall like one of the princes.
1 Samuel 6:4	Then said they, What shall be the trespass offering which we shall return to him? They answered, Five golden tumors, and five golden mice, according to the number of the lords of the Philistines: for one plague was on you all, and on your lords.
Romans 16:3	Greet Priscilla and Aquila my helpers in Christ Jesus:
Exodus 9:9	And it shall become small dust in all the land of Egypt, and shall be a boil breaking forth with blains on man, and on beast, throughout all the land of Egypt.
Psalm 106:28	They joined themselves also to Baalpeor, and ate the sacrifices of the dead.
Ecclesiastes 1:4	One generation passes away, and another generation comes: but the earth stays for ever.
Numbers 4:8	And they shall spread on them a cloth of scarlet, and cover the same with a covering of badgers’ skins, and shall put in the staves thereof.
Matthew 18:4	Whoever therefore shall humble himself as this little child, the same is greatest in the kingdom of heaven.
Ecclesiastes 1:10	Is there any thing whereof it may be said, See, this is new? it has been already of old time, which was before us.
Numbers 5:7	Then they shall confess their sin which they have done: and he shall recompense his trespass with the principal thereof, and add to it the fifth part thereof, and give it to him against whom he has trespassed.
Luke 24:36	And as they thus spoke, Jesus himself stood in the middle of them, and said to them, Peace be to you.
Genesis 40:7	And he asked Pharaoh’s officers that were with him in the ward of his lord’s house, saying, Why look you so sadly to day?
Ecclesiastes 11:3	If the clouds be full of rain, they empty themselves on the earth: and if the tree fall toward the south, or toward the north, in the place where the tree falls, there it shall be.
Deuteronomy 32:38	Which did eat the fat of their sacrifices, and drank the wine of their drink offerings? let them rise up and help you, and be your protection.
Luke 21:25	And there shall be signs in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars; and on the earth distress of nations, with perplexity; the sea and the waves roaring;
Luke 18:36	And hearing the multitude pass by, he asked what it meant.
Daniel 2:28	But there is a God in heaven that reveals secrets, and makes known to the king Nebuchadnezzar what shall be in the latter days. Your dream, and the visions of your head on your bed, are these;
Hosea 12:5	Even the LORD God of hosts; the LORD is his memorial.
Exodus 38:26	A bekah for every man, that is, half a shekel, after the shekel of the sanctuary, for every one that went to be numbered, from twenty years old and upward, for six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty men.
Psalm 25:22	Redeem Israel, O God, out of all his troubles.
Job 30:11	Because he has loosed my cord, and afflicted me, they have also let loose the bridle before me.
Acts 9:38	And for as much as Lydda was near to Joppa, and the disciples had heard that Peter was there, they sent to him two men, desiring him that he would not delay to come to them.
Exodus 21:1	Now these are the judgments which you shall set before them.
Joshua 15:43	And Jiphtah, and Ashnah, and Nezib,
Micah 1:6	Therefore I will make Samaria as an heap of the field, and as plantings of a vineyard: and I will pour down the stones thereof into the valley, and I will discover the foundations thereof.
Nehemiah 7:49	The children of Hanan, the children of Giddel, the children of Gahar,
Mark 10:26	And they were astonished out of measure, saying among themselves, Who then can be saved?
Judges 12:14	And he had forty sons and thirty nephews, that rode on three score and ten ass colts: and he judged Israel eight years.
Psalm 81:7	You called in trouble, and I delivered you; I answered you in the secret place of thunder: I proved you at the waters of Meribah. Selah.
Nehemiah 5:17	Moreover there were at my table an hundred and fifty of the Jews and rulers, beside those that came to us from among the heathen that are about us.
Luke 24:23	And when they found not his body, they came, saying, that they had also seen a vision of angels, which said that he was alive.
2 Peter 1:17	For he received from God the Father honor and glory, when there came such a voice to him from the excellent glory, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.
Ezekiel 41:2	And the breadth of the door was ten cubits; and the sides of the door were five cubits on the one side, and five cubits on the other side: and he measured the length thereof, forty cubits: and the breadth, twenty cubits.
Luke 8:16	No man, when he has lighted a candle, covers it with a vessel, or puts it under a bed; but sets it on a candlestick, that they which enter in may see the light.
Ezekiel 43:19	And you shall give to the priests the Levites that be of the seed of Zadok, which approach to me, to minister to me, said the Lord GOD, a young bullock for a sin offering.
Isaiah 1:25	And I will turn my hand on you, and purely purge away your dross, and take away all your tin:
2 Kings 16:8	And Ahaz took the silver and gold that was found in the house of the LORD, and in the treasures of the king’s house, and sent it for a present to the king of Assyria.
Matthew 20:30	And, behold, two blind men sitting by the way side, when they heard that Jesus passed by, cried out, saying, Have mercy on us, O Lord, you son of David.
Psalm 139:14	I will praise you; for I am fearfully and wonderfully made: marvelous are your works; and that my soul knows right well.
Zechariah 4:8	Moreover the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Luke 15:2	And the Pharisees and scribes murmured, saying, This man receives sinners, and eats with them.
Daniel 3:8	Why at that time certain Chaldeans came near, and accused the Jews.
Numbers 16:4	And when Moses heard it, he fell on his face:
Genesis 15:13	And he said to Abram, Know of a surety that your seed shall be a stranger in a land that is not theirs, and shall serve them; and they shall afflict them four hundred years;
Nehemiah 9:2	And the seed of Israel separated themselves from all strangers, and stood and confessed their sins, and the iniquities of their fathers.
Psalm 37:10	For yet a little while, and the wicked shall not be: yes, you shall diligently consider his place, and it shall not be.
1 Samuel 12:17	Is it not wheat harvest to day? I will call to the LORD, and he shall send thunder and rain; that you may perceive and see that your wickedness is great, which you have done in the sight of the LORD, in asking you a king.
Jude 1:18	How that they told you there should be mockers in the last time, who should walk after their own ungodly lusts.
Jeremiah 27:3	And send them to the king of Edom, and to the king of Moab, and to the king of the Ammonites, and to the king of Tyrus, and to the king of Zidon, by the hand of the messengers which come to Jerusalem to Zedekiah king of Judah;
Hosea 14:5	I will be as the dew to Israel: he shall grow as the lily, and cast forth his roots as Lebanon.
John 1:27	He it is, who coming after me is preferred before me, whose shoe’s lace I am not worthy to unloose.
Amos 8:3	And the songs of the temple shall be howlings in that day, said the Lord GOD: there shall be many dead bodies in every place; they shall cast them forth with silence.
Genesis 24:64	And Rebekah lifted up her eyes, and when she saw Isaac, she lighted off the camel.
Genesis 10:12	And Resen between Nineveh and Calah: the same is a great city.
Leviticus 14:14	And the priest shall take some of the blood of the trespass offering, and the priest shall put it on the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed, and on the thumb of his right hand, and on the great toe of his right foot:
Revelation 3:7	And to the angel of the church in Philadelphia write; These things said he that is holy, he that is true, he that has the key of David, he that opens, and no man shuts; and shuts, and no man opens;
Luke 1:45	And blessed is she that believed: for there shall be a performance of those things which were told her from the Lord.
Lamentations 4:10	The hands of the pitiful women have sodden their own children: they were their meat in the destruction of the daughter of my people.
Numbers 7:10	And the princes offered for dedicating of the altar in the day that it was anointed, even the princes offered their offering before the altar.
Hosea 9:17	My God will cast them away, because they did not listen to him: and they shall be wanderers among the nations.
Luke 1:40	And entered into the house of Zacharias, and saluted Elisabeth.
Matthew 26:11	For you have the poor always with you; but me you have not always.
1 Chronicles 10:6	So Saul died, and his three sons, and all his house died together.
1 Samuel 9:25	And when they were come down from the high place into the city, Samuel communed with Saul on the top of the house.
Numbers 11:21	And Moses said, The people, among whom I am, are six hundred thousand footmen; and you have said, I will give them flesh, that they may eat a whole month.
Hosea 9:10	I found Israel like grapes in the wilderness; I saw your fathers as the first ripe in the fig tree at her first time: but they went to Baalpeor, and separated themselves to that shame; and their abominations were according as they loved.
Isaiah 29:4	And you shall be brought down, and shall speak out of the ground, and your speech shall be low out of the dust, and your voice shall be, as of one that has a familiar spirit, out of the ground, and your speech shall whisper out of the dust.
Genesis 30:38	And he set the rods which he had pilled before the flocks in the gutters in the watering troughs when the flocks came to drink, that they should conceive when they came to drink.
Psalm 83:2	For, see, your enemies make a tumult: and they that hate you have lifted up the head.
Psalm 74:12	For God is my King of old, working salvation in the middle of the earth.
2 Kings 13:5	(And the LORD gave Israel a savior, so that they went out from under the hand of the Syrians: and the children of Israel dwelled in their tents, as beforetime.
Exodus 10:21	And the LORD said to Moses, Stretch out your hand toward heaven, that there may be darkness over the land of Egypt, even darkness which may be felt.
Isaiah 8:10	Take counsel together, and it shall come to nothing; speak the word, and it shall not stand: for God is with us.
Micah 2:12	I will surely assemble, O Jacob, all of you; I will surely gather the remnant of Israel; I will put them together as the sheep of Bozrah, as the flock in the middle of their fold: they shall make great noise by reason of the multitude of men.
Mark 8:13	And he left them, and entering into the ship again departed to the other side.
Acts 25:27	For it seems to me unreasonable to send a prisoner, and not with to signify the crimes laid against him.
Deuteronomy 2:24	Rise you up, take your journey, and pass over the river Arnon: behold, I have given into your hand Sihon the Amorite, king of Heshbon, and his land: begin to possess it, and contend with him in battle.
Acts 10:13	And there came a voice to him, Rise, Peter; kill, and eat.
2 Kings 19:20	Then Isaiah the son of Amoz sent to Hezekiah, saying, Thus said the LORD God of Israel, That which you have prayed to me against Sennacherib king of Assyria I have heard.
Lamentations 4:12	The kings of the earth, and all the inhabitants of the world, would not have believed that the adversary and the enemy should have entered into the gates of Jerusalem.
Ezekiel 34:18	Seems it a small thing to you to have eaten up the good pasture, but you must tread down with your feet the residue of your pastures? and to have drunk of the deep waters, but you must foul the residue with your feet?
2 Chronicles 23:14	Then Jehoiada the priest brought out the captains of hundreds that were set over the host, and said to them, Have her forth of the ranges: and whoever follows her, let him be slain with the sword. For the priest said, Slay her not in the house of the LORD.
Jeremiah 28:14	For thus said the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; I have put a yoke of iron on the neck of all these nations, that they may serve Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon; and they shall serve him: and I have given him the beasts of the field also.
Colossians 2:6	As you have therefore received Christ Jesus the Lord, so walk you in him:
1 John 2:11	But he that hates his brother is in darkness, and walks in darkness, and knows not where he goes, because that darkness has blinded his eyes.
Genesis 3:17	And to Adam he said, Because you have listened to the voice of your wife, and have eaten of the tree, of which I commanded you, saying, You shall not eat of it: cursed is the ground for your sake; in sorrow shall you eat of it all the days of your life;
Leviticus 4:16	And the priest that is anointed shall bring of the bullock’s blood to the tabernacle of the congregation:
Matthew 10:10	Nor money for your journey, neither two coats, neither shoes, nor yet staves: for the workman is worthy of his meat.
Genesis 11:17	And Eber lived after he begat Peleg four hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters.
Acts 21:35	And when he came on the stairs, so it was, that he was borne of the soldiers for the violence of the people.
Numbers 7:77	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Pagiel the son of Ocran.
John 8:5	Now Moses in the law commanded us, that such should be stoned: but what say you?
Mark 10:50	And he, casting away his garment, rose, and came to Jesus.
2 Chronicles 12:2	And it came to pass, that in the fifth year of king Rehoboam Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem, because they had transgressed against the LORD,
Zephaniah 2:13	And he will stretch out his hand against the north, and destroy Assyria; and will make Nineveh a desolation, and dry like a wilderness.
John 4:48	Then said Jesus to him, Except you see signs and wonders, you will not believe.
Revelation 13:6	And he opened his mouth in blasphemy against God, to blaspheme his name, and his tabernacle, and them that dwell in heaven.
2 Timothy 2:21	If a man therefore purge himself from these, he shall be a vessel to honor, sanctified, and meet for the master’s use, and prepared to every good work.
Job 42:9	So Eliphaz the Temanite and Bildad the Shuhite and Zophar the Naamathite went, and did according as the LORD commanded them: the LORD also accepted Job.
Acts 23:4	And they that stood by said, Revile you God’s high priest?
2 Kings 6:13	And he said, Go and spy where he is, that I may send and fetch him. And it was told him, saying, Behold, he is in Dothan.
Joshua 21:14	And Jattir with her suburbs, and Eshtemoa with her suburbs,
Proverbs 4:7	Wisdom is the principal thing; therefore get wisdom: and with all your getting get understanding.
Jeremiah 2:37	Yes, you shall go forth from him, and your hands on your head: for the LORD has rejected your confidences, and you shall not prosper in them.
Luke 17:4	And if he trespass against you seven times in a day, and seven times in a day turn again to you, saying, I repent; you shall forgive him.
Luke 11:25	And when he comes, he finds it swept and garnished.
Ezekiel 23:47	And the company shall stone them with stones, and dispatch them with their swords; they shall slay their sons and their daughters, and burn up their houses with fire.
Zephaniah 3:4	Her prophets are light and treacherous persons: her priests have polluted the sanctuary, they have done violence to the law.
2 Chronicles 4:3	And under it was the similitude of oxen, which did compass it round about: ten in a cubit, compassing the sea round about. Two rows of oxen were cast, when it was cast.
1 Kings 20:12	And it came to pass, when Ben-hadad heard this message, as he was drinking, he and the kings in the pavilions, that he said to his servants, Set yourselves in array. And they set themselves in array against the city.
Daniel 8:23	And in the latter time of their kingdom, when the transgressors are come to the full, a king of fierce countenance, and understanding dark sentences, shall stand up.
Acts 10:1	There was a certain man in Caesarea called Cornelius, a centurion of the band called the Italian band,
John 7:11	Then the Jews sought him at the feast, and said, Where is he?
Deuteronomy 33:25	Your shoes shall be iron and brass; and as your days, so shall your strength be.
Luke 2:26	And it was revealed to him by the Holy Ghost, that he should not see death, before he had seen the Lord’s Christ.
Esther 9:16	But the other Jews that were in the king’s provinces gathered themselves together, and stood for their lives, and had rest from their enemies, and slew of their foes seventy and five thousand, but they laid not their hands on the prey,
2 Samuel 14:21	And the king said to Joab, Behold now, I have done this thing: go therefore, bring the young man Absalom again.
Philippians 3:4	Though I might also have confidence in the flesh. If any other man thinks that he has whereof he might trust in the flesh, I more:
1 Corinthians 15:1	Moreover, brothers, I declare to you the gospel which I preached to you, which also you have received, and wherein you stand;
1 Corinthians 1:28	And base things of the world, and things which are despised, has God chosen, yes, and things which are not, to bring to nothing things that are:
Numbers 16:18	And they took every man his censer, and put fire in them, and laid incense thereon, and stood in the door of the tabernacle of the congregation with Moses and Aaron.
Habakkuk 3:9	Your bow was made quite naked, according to the oaths of the tribes, even your word. Selah. You did split the earth with rivers.
Deuteronomy 18:14	For these nations, which you shall possess, listened to observers of times, and to diviners: but as for you, the LORD your God has not suffered you so to do.
2 Peter 2:3	And through covetousness shall they with feigned words make merchandise of you: whose judgment now of a long time lingers not, and their damnation slumbers not.
Mark 7:5	Then the Pharisees and scribes asked him, Why walk not your disciples according to the tradition of the elders, but eat bread with unwashed hands?
Jeremiah 16:17	For my eyes are on all their ways: they are not hid from my face, neither is their iniquity hid from my eyes.
Jeremiah 8:11	For they have healed the hurt of the daughter of my people slightly, saying, Peace, peace; when there is no peace.
Numbers 22:5	He sent messengers therefore to Balaam the son of Beor to Pethor, which is by the river of the land of the children of his people, to call him, saying, Behold, there is a people come out from Egypt: behold, they cover the face of the earth, and they abide over against me:
Exodus 22:16	And if a man entice a maid that is not betrothed, and lie with her, he shall surely endow her to be his wife.
Exodus 31:18	And he gave to Moses, when he had made an end of communing with him on mount Sinai, two tables of testimony, tables of stone, written with the finger of God.
Romans 14:22	Have you faith? have it to yourself before God. Happy is he that comdemns not himself in that thing which he allows.
Psalm 27:13	I had fainted, unless I had believed to see the goodness of the LORD in the land of the living.
2 Kings 3:13	And Elisha said to the king of Israel, What have I to do with you? get you to the prophets of your father, and to the prophets of your mother. And the king of Israel said to him, No: for the LORD has called these three kings together, to deliver them into the hand of Moab.
2 Corinthians 12:16	But be it so, I did not burden you: nevertheless, being crafty, I caught you with guile.
Ecclesiastes 4:8	There is one alone, and there is not a second; yes, he has neither child nor brother: yet is there no end of all his labor; neither is his eye satisfied with riches; neither said he, For whom do I labor, and bereave my soul of good? This is also vanity, yes, it is a sore travail.
Esther 4:13	Then Mordecai commanded to answer Esther, Think not with yourself that you shall escape in the king’s house, more than all the Jews.
Psalm 78:15	He split the rocks in the wilderness, and gave them drink as out of the great depths.
1 Chronicles 2:45	And the son of Shammai was Maon: and Maon was the father of Bethzur.
Luke 4:7	If you therefore will worship me, all shall be yours.
Joshua 21:11	And they gave them the city of Arba the father of Anak, which city is Hebron, in the hill country of Judah, with the suburbs thereof round about it.
Isaiah 56:11	Yes, they are greedy dogs which can never have enough, and they are shepherds that cannot understand: they all look to their own way, every one for his gain, from his quarter.
Song of Solomon 6:3	I am my beloved’s, and my beloved is mine: he feeds among the lilies.
Acts 27:2	And entering into a ship of Adramyttium, we launched, meaning to sail by the coasts of Asia; one Aristarchus, a Macedonian of Thessalonica, being with us.
2 Kings 4:40	So they poured out for the men to eat. And it came to pass, as they were eating of the pottage, that they cried out, and said, O you man of God, there is death in the pot. And they could not eat thereof.
Acts 10:41	Not to all the people, but to witnesses chosen before God, even to us, who did eat and drink with him after he rose from the dead.
Mark 1:38	And he said to them, Let us go into the next towns, that I may preach there also: for therefore came I forth.
Psalm 78:54	And he brought them to the border of his sanctuary, even to this mountain, which his right hand had purchased.
Ecclesiastes 8:11	Because sentence against an evil work is not executed speedily, therefore the heart of the sons of men is fully set in them to do evil.
Joshua 6:23	And the young men that were spies went in, and brought out Rahab, and her father, and her mother, and her brothers, and all that she had; and they brought out all her kindred, and left them without the camp of Israel.
1 Kings 3:13	And I have also given you that which you have not asked, both riches, and honor: so that there shall not be any among the kings like to you all your days.
2 Kings 4:42	And there came a man from Baalshalisha, and brought the man of God bread of the first fruits, twenty loaves of barley, and full ears of corn in the husk thereof. And he said, Give to the people, that they may eat.
John 6:35	And Jesus said to them, I am the bread of life: he that comes to me shall never hunger; and he that believes on me shall never thirst.
John 6:56	He that eats my flesh, and drinks my blood, dwells in me, and I in him.
2 Kings 19:36	So Sennacherib king of Assyria departed, and went and returned, and dwelled at Nineveh.
Acts 25:11	For if I be an offender, or have committed any thing worthy of death, I refuse not to die: but if there be none of these things whereof these accuse me, no man may deliver me to them. I appeal to Caesar.
Ephesians 4:23	And be renewed in the spirit of your mind;
Job 2:3	And the LORD said to Satan, Have you considered my servant Job, that there is none like him in the earth, a perfect and an upright man, one that fears God, and eschews evil? and still he holds fast his integrity, although you moved me against him, to destroy him without cause.
Leviticus 4:3	If the priest that is anointed do sin according to the sin of the people; then let him bring for his sin, which he has sinned, a young bullock without blemish to the LORD for a sin offering.
1 Kings 17:8	And the word of the LORD came to him, saying,
Genesis 47:6	The land of Egypt is before you; in the best of the land make your father and brothers to dwell; in the land of Goshen let them dwell: and if you know any men of activity among them, then make them rulers over my cattle.
Isaiah 66:9	Shall I bring to the birth, and not cause to bring forth? said the LORD: shall I cause to bring forth, and shut the womb? said your God.
Jeremiah 41:13	Now it came to pass, that when all the people which were with Ishmael saw Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces that were with him, then they were glad.
2 Samuel 15:10	But Absalom sent spies throughout all the tribes of Israel, saying, As soon as you hear the sound of the trumpet, then you shall say, Absalom reigns in Hebron.
Job 31:5	If I have walked with vanity, or if my foot has hurried to deceit;
Malachi 3:11	And I will rebuke the devourer for your sakes, and he shall not destroy the fruits of your ground; neither shall your vine cast her fruit before the time in the field, said the LORD of hosts.
Psalm 85:5	Will you be angry with us for ever? will you draw out your anger to all generations?
Jeremiah 37:7	Thus said the LORD, the God of Israel; Thus shall you say to the king of Judah, that sent you to me to inquire of me; Behold, Pharaoh’s army, which is come forth to help you, shall return to Egypt into their own land.
Numbers 7:71	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai.
Proverbs 22:5	Thorns and snares are in the way of the fraudulent: he that does keep his soul shall be far from them.
Daniel 4:2	I thought it good to show the signs and wonders that the high God has worked toward me.
Deuteronomy 19:1	When the LORD your God has cut off the nations, whose land the LORD your God gives you, and you succeed them, and dwell in their cities, and in their houses;
Isaiah 27:5	Or let him take hold of my strength, that he may make peace with me; and he shall make peace with me.
Romans 4:1	What shall we say then that Abraham our father, as pertaining to the flesh, has found?
Ezekiel 7:4	And my eye shall not spare you, neither will I have pity: but I will recompense your ways on you, and your abominations shall be in the middle of you: and you shall know that I am the LORD.
Psalm 77:16	The waters saw you, O God, the waters saw you; they were afraid: the depths also were troubled.
Leviticus 23:27	Also on the tenth day of this seventh month there shall be a day of atonement: it shall be an holy convocation to you; and you shall afflict your souls, and offer an offering made by fire to the LORD.
1 John 5:5	Who is he that overcomes the world, but he that believes that Jesus is the Son of God?
1 Chronicles 27:11	The eighth captain for the eighth month was Sibbecai the Hushathite, of the Zarhites: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
Psalm 103:19	The LORD has prepared his throne in the heavens; and his kingdom rules over all.
Acts 5:36	For before these days rose up Theudas, boasting himself to be somebody; to whom a number of men, about four hundred, joined themselves: who was slain; and all, as many as obeyed him, were scattered, and brought to nothing.
Psalm 136:17	To him which smote great kings: for his mercy endures for ever:
Psalm 119:78	Let the proud be ashamed; for they dealt perversely with me without a cause: but I will meditate in your precepts.
John 20:22	And when he had said this, he breathed on them, and said to them, Receive you the Holy Ghost:
Exodus 30:9	You shall offer no strange incense thereon, nor burnt sacrifice, nor meat offering; neither shall you pour drink offering thereon.
Ezekiel 39:11	And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will give to Gog a place there of graves in Israel, the valley of the passengers on the east of the sea: and it shall stop the noses of the passengers: and there shall they bury Gog and all his multitude: and they shall call it The valley of Hamongog.
2 Chronicles 24:5	And he gathered together the priests and the Levites, and said to them, Go out to the cities of Judah, and gather of all Israel money to repair the house of your God from year to year, and see that you hasten the matter. However, the Levites hastened it not.
Jeremiah 16:9	For thus said the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will cause to cease out of this place in your eyes, and in your days, the voice of mirth, and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, and the voice of the bride.
Deuteronomy 24:18	But you shall remember that you were a slave in Egypt, and the LORD your God redeemed you there: therefore I command you to do this thing.
Proverbs 8:27	When he prepared the heavens, I was there: when he set a compass on the face of the depth:
Exodus 30:37	And as for the perfume which you shall make, you shall not make to yourselves according to the composition thereof: it shall be to you holy for the LORD.
Psalm 123:3	Have mercy on us, O LORD, have mercy on us: for we are exceedingly filled with contempt.
Ephesians 1:7	In whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace;
Psalm 68:10	Your congregation has dwelled therein: you, O God, have prepared of your goodness for the poor.
Psalm 136:23	Who remembered us in our low estate: for his mercy endures for ever:
1 Corinthians 14:26	How is it then, brothers? when you come together, every one of you has a psalm, has a doctrine, has a tongue, has a revelation, has an interpretation. Let all things be done to edifying.
Acts 25:20	And because I doubted of such manner of questions, I asked him whether he would go to Jerusalem, and there be judged of these matters.
1 Samuel 6:10	And the men did so; and took two milk cows, and tied them to the cart, and shut up their calves at home:
Proverbs 12:11	He that tills his land shall be satisfied with bread: but he that follows vain persons is void of understanding.
1 Samuel 19:7	And Jonathan called David, and Jonathan showed him all those things. And Jonathan brought David to Saul, and he was in his presence, as in times past.
Genesis 41:8	And it came to pass in the morning that his spirit was troubled; and he sent and called for all the magicians of Egypt, and all the wise men thereof: and Pharaoh told them his dream; but there was none that could interpret them to Pharaoh.
1 Samuel 18:12	And Saul was afraid of David, because the LORD was with him, and was departed from Saul.
Jeremiah 50:1	The word that the LORD spoke against Babylon and against the land of the Chaldeans by Jeremiah the prophet.
Mark 14:38	Watch you and pray, lest you enter into temptation. The spirit truly is ready, but the flesh is weak.
Isaiah 44:1	Yet now hear, O Jacob my servant; and Israel, whom I have chosen:
Exodus 6:21	And the sons of Izhar; Korah, and Nepheg, and Zichri.
Acts 10:9	On the morrow, as they went on their journey, and drew near to the city, Peter went up on the housetop to pray about the sixth hour:
Job 1:3	His substance also was seven thousand sheep, and three thousand camels, and five hundred yoke of oxen, and five hundred she asses, and a very great household; so that this man was the greatest of all the men of the east.
Revelation 7:13	And one of the elders answered, saying to me, What are these which are arrayed in white robes? and from where came they?
Matthew 24:12	And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold.
Ezekiel 11:7	Therefore thus said the Lord GOD; Your slain whom you have laid in the middle of it, they are the flesh, and this city is the caldron: but I will bring you forth out of the middle of it.
Job 29:4	As I was in the days of my youth, when the secret of God was on my tabernacle;
Leviticus 5:15	If a soul commit a trespass, and sin through ignorance, in the holy things of the LORD; then he shall bring for his trespass to the LORD a ram without blemish out of the flocks, with your estimation by shekels of silver, after the shekel of the sanctuary, for a trespass offering.
Joshua 20:8	And on the other side Jordan by Jericho eastward, they assigned Bezer in the wilderness on the plain out of the tribe of Reuben, and Ramoth in Gilead out of the tribe of Gad, and Golan in Bashan out of the tribe of Manasseh.
Joshua 23:10	One man of you shall chase a thousand: for the LORD your God, he it is that fights for you, as he has promised you.
Numbers 36:7	So shall not the inheritance of the children of Israel remove from tribe to tribe: for every one of the children of Israel shall keep himself to the inheritance of the tribe of his fathers.
Ezekiel 10:15	And the cherubim were lifted up. This is the living creature that I saw by the river of Chebar.
Job 9:29	If I be wicked, why then labor I in vain?
Psalm 116:2	Because he has inclined his ear to me, therefore will I call on him as long as I live.
2 Corinthians 8:11	Now therefore perform the doing of it; that as there was a readiness to will, so there may be a performance also out of that which you have.
1 Samuel 23:26	And Saul went on this side of the mountain, and David and his men on that side of the mountain: and David made haste to get away for fear of Saul; for Saul and his men compassed David and his men round about to take them.
Romans 11:25	For I would not, brothers, that you should be ignorant of this mystery, lest you should be wise in your own conceits; that blindness in part is happened to Israel, until the fullness of the Gentiles be come in.
Psalm 119:113	I hate vain thoughts: but your law do I love.
Proverbs 23:9	Speak not in the ears of a fool: for he will despise the wisdom of your words.
2 Samuel 13:24	And Absalom came to the king, and said, Behold now, your servant has sheep shearers; let the king, I beseech you, and his servants go with your servant.
Daniel 2:43	And whereas you saw iron mixed with miry clay, they shall mingle themselves with the seed of men: but they shall not join one to another, even as iron is not mixed with clay.
John 3:26	And they came to John, and said to him, Rabbi, he that was with you beyond Jordan, to whom you bore witness, behold, the same baptizes, and all men come to him.
1 Samuel 13:14	But now your kingdom shall not continue: the LORD has sought him a man after his own heart, and the LORD has commanded him to be captain over his people, because you have not kept that which the LORD commanded you.
Acts 27:3	And the next day we touched at Sidon. And Julius courteously entreated Paul, and gave him liberty to go to his friends to refresh himself.
Psalm 109:24	My knees are weak through fasting; and my flesh fails of fatness.
Revelation 13:15	And he had power to give life to the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed.
Zechariah 12:2	Behold, I will make Jerusalem a cup of trembling to all the people round about, when they shall be in the siege both against Judah and against Jerusalem.
Exodus 37:26	And he overlaid it with pure gold, both the top of it, and the sides thereof round about, and the horns of it: also he made to it a crown of gold round about.
Psalm 18:29	For by you I have run through a troop; and by my God have I leaped over a wall.
Psalm 89:32	Then will I visit their transgression with the rod, and their iniquity with stripes.
Ezekiel 20:27	Therefore, son of man, speak to the house of Israel, and say to them, Thus said the Lord GOD; Yet in this your fathers have blasphemed me, in that they have committed a trespass against me.
Job 1:11	But put forth your hand now, and touch all that he has, and he will curse you to your face.
Matthew 5:4	Blessed are they that mourn: for they shall be comforted.
Psalm 10:12	Arise, O LORD; O God, lift up your hand: forget not the humble.
Revelation 17:3	So he carried me away in the spirit into the wilderness: and I saw a woman sit on a scarlet colored beast, full of names of blasphemy, having seven heads and ten horns.
Psalm 144:15	Happy is that people, that is in such a case: yes, happy is that people, whose God is the LORD.
Acts 27:33	And while the day was coming on, Paul sought them all to take meat, saying, This day is the fourteenth day that you have tarried and continued fasting, having taken nothing.
Revelation 6:8	And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat on him was Death, and Hell followed with him. And power was given to them over the fourth part of the earth, to kill with sword, and with hunger, and with death, and with the beasts of the earth.
Jeremiah 16:2	You shall not take you a wife, neither shall you have sons or daughters in this place.
Romans 2:5	But after your hardness and impenitent heart treasure up to yourself wrath against the day of wrath and revelation of the righteous judgment of God;
Acts 19:35	And when the town cleark had appeased the people, he said, You men of Ephesus, what man is there that knows not how that the city of the Ephesians is a worshipper of the great goddess Diana, and of the image which fell down from Jupiter?
Judges 14:19	And the Spirit of the LORD came on him, and he went down to Ashkelon, and slew thirty men of them, and took their spoil, and gave change of garments to them which expounded the riddle. And his anger was kindled, and he went up to his father’s house.
Matthew 6:27	Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit to his stature?
Job 7:20	I have sinned; what shall I do to you, O you preserver of men? why have you set me as a mark against you, so that I am a burden to myself?
Ezra 10:35	Benaiah, Bedeiah, Chelluh,
1 Kings 15:3	And he walked in all the sins of his father, which he had done before him: and his heart was not perfect with the LORD his God, as the heart of David his father.
John 16:25	These things have I spoken to you in proverbs: but the time comes, when I shall no more speak to you in proverbs, but I shall show you plainly of the Father.
Mark 11:2	And said to them, Go your way into the village over against you: and as soon as you be entered into it, you shall find a colt tied, where on never man sat; loose him, and bring him.
2 Timothy 1:15	This you know, that all they which are in Asia be turned away from me; of whom are Phygellus and Hermogenes.
Proverbs 23:24	The father of the righteous shall greatly rejoice: and he that begets a wise child shall have joy of him.
1 Peter 4:6	For for this cause was the gospel preached also to them that are dead, that they might be judged according to men in the flesh, but live according to God in the spirit.
Judges 16:5	And the lords of the Philistines came up to her, and said to her, Entice him, and see wherein his great strength lies, and by what means we may prevail against him, that we may bind him to afflict him; and we will give you every one of us eleven hundred pieces of silver.
Numbers 31:32	And the booty, being the rest of the prey which the men of war had caught, was six hundred thousand and seventy thousand and five thousand sheep,
Revelation 2:10	Fear none of those things which you shall suffer: behold, the devil shall cast some of you into prison, that you may be tried; and you shall have tribulation ten days: be you faithful to death, and I will give you a crown of life.
John 2:23	Now when he was in Jerusalem at the passover, in the feast day, many believed in his name, when they saw the miracles which he did.
Genesis 29:19	And Laban said, It is better that I give her to you, than that I should give her to another man: abide with me.
Psalm 44:23	Awake, why sleep you, O Lord? arise, cast us not off for ever.
Revelation 14:1	And I looked, and, see, a Lamb stood on the mount Sion, and with him an hundred forty and four thousand, having his Father’s name written in their foreheads.
Psalm 109:2	For the mouth of the wicked and the mouth of the deceitful are opened against me: they have spoken against me with a lying tongue.
Psalm 37:27	Depart from evil, and do good; and dwell for ever more.
Isaiah 58:10	And if you draw out your soul to the hungry, and satisfy the afflicted soul; then shall your light rise in obscurity, and your darkness be as the noon day:
Exodus 22:18	You shall not suffer a witch to live.
Ezekiel 48:34	At the west side four thousand and five hundred, with their three gates; one gate of Gad, one gate of Asher, one gate of Naphtali.
1 Samuel 25:35	So David received of her hand that which she had brought him, and said to her, Go up in peace to your house; see, I have listened to your voice, and have accepted your person.
Numbers 3:38	But those that encamp before the tabernacle toward the east, even before the tabernacle of the congregation eastward, shall be Moses, and Aaron and his sons, keeping the charge of the sanctuary for the charge of the children of Israel; and the stranger that comes near shall be put to death.
Zechariah 11:7	And I will feed the flock of slaughter, even you, O poor of the flock. And I took to me two staves; the one I called Beauty, and the other I called Bands; and I fed the flock.
Psalm 74:21	O let not the oppressed return ashamed: let the poor and needy praise your name.
Numbers 16:28	And Moses said, Hereby you shall know that the LORD has sent me to do all these works; for I have not done them of my own mind.
Psalm 126:1	When the LORD turned again the captivity of Zion, we were like them that dream.
Job 16:17	Not for any injustice in my hands: also my prayer is pure.
Numbers 32:38	And Nebo, and Baalmeon, (their names being changed,) and Shibmah: and gave other names to the cities which they built.
Jeremiah 13:20	Lift up your eyes, and behold them that come from the north: where is the flock that was given you, your beautiful flock?
Psalm 45:15	With gladness and rejoicing shall they be brought: they shall enter into the king’s palace.
John 14:8	Philip said to him, Lord, show us the Father, and it suffises us.
1 Kings 14:4	And Jeroboam’s wife did so, and arose, and went to Shiloh, and came to the house of Ahijah. But Ahijah could not see; for his eyes were set by reason of his age.
Ezekiel 31:9	I have made him fair by the multitude of his branches: so that all the trees of Eden, that were in the garden of God, envied him.
2 Chronicles 28:1	Ahaz was twenty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem: but he did not that which was right in the sight of the LORD, like David his father:
Deuteronomy 7:2	And when the LORD your God shall deliver them before you; you shall smite them, and utterly destroy them; you shall make no covenant with them, nor show mercy to them:
Psalm 119:173	Let your hand help me; for I have chosen your precepts.
Psalm 23:4	Yes, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for you are with me; your rod and your staff they comfort me.
1 Corinthians 2:4	And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man’s wisdom, but in demonstration of the Spirit and of power:
Psalm 105:14	He suffered no man to do them wrong: yes, he reproved kings for their sakes;
Acts 9:2	And desired of him letters to Damascus to the synagogues, that if he found any of this way, whether they were men or women, he might bring them bound to Jerusalem.
Numbers 34:24	And the prince of the tribe of the children of Ephraim, Kemuel the son of Shiphtan.
1 Samuel 2:3	Talk no more so exceeding proudly; let not arrogance come out of your mouth: for the LORD is a God of knowledge, and by him actions are weighed.
Exodus 33:2	And I will send an angel before you; and I will drive out the Canaanite, the Amorite, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, the Hivite, and the Jebusite:
Deuteronomy 25:13	You shall not have in your bag divers weights, a great and a small.
Acts 1:15	And in those days Peter stood up in the middle of the disciples, and said, (the number of names together were about an hundred and twenty,)
Genesis 36:5	And Aholibamah bore Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah: these are the sons of Esau, which were born to him in the land of Canaan.
Psalm 37:28	For the LORD loves judgment, and forsakes not his saints; they are preserved for ever: but the seed of the wicked shall be cut off.
Psalm 149:8	To bind their kings with chains, and their nobles with fetters of iron;
Isaiah 14:9	Hell from beneath is moved for you to meet you at your coming: it stirs up the dead for you, even all the chief ones of the earth; it has raised up from their thrones all the kings of the nations.
Ezra 8:12	And of the sons of Azgad; Johanan the son of Hakkatan, and with him an hundred and ten males.
Numbers 1:11	Of Benjamin; Abidan the son of Gideoni.
Psalm 9:6	O you enemy, destructions are come to a perpetual end: and you have destroyed cities; their memorial is perished with them.
2 Kings 18:12	Because they obeyed not the voice of the LORD their God, but transgressed his covenant, and all that Moses the servant of the LORD commanded, and would not hear them, nor do them.
Isaiah 41:8	But you, Israel, are my servant, Jacob whom I have chosen, the seed of Abraham my friend.
Psalm 113:8	That he may set him with princes, even with the princes of his people.
1 Chronicles 2:41	And Shallum begat Jekamiah, and Jekamiah begat Elishama.
Mark 15:1	And straightway in the morning the chief priests held a consultation with the elders and scribes and the whole council, and bound Jesus, and carried him away, and delivered him to Pilate.
Psalm 119:124	Deal with your servant according to your mercy, and teach me your statutes.
Isaiah 10:26	And the LORD of hosts shall stir up a whip for him according to the slaughter of Midian at the rock of Oreb: and as his rod was on the sea, so shall he lift it up after the manner of Egypt.
1 Samuel 17:3	And the Philistines stood on a mountain on the one side, and Israel stood on a mountain on the other side: and there was a valley between them.
2 Kings 8:3	And it came to pass at the seven years’ end, that the woman returned out of the land of the Philistines: and she went forth to cry to the king for her house and for her land.
Isaiah 62:11	Behold, the LORD has proclaimed to the end of the world, Say you to the daughter of Zion, Behold, your salvation comes; behold, his reward is with him, and his work before him.
Ezekiel 29:6	And all the inhabitants of Egypt shall know that I am the LORD, because they have been a staff of reed to the house of Israel.
Leviticus 23:16	Even to the morrow after the seventh sabbath shall you number fifty days; and you shall offer a new meat offering to the LORD.
Judges 18:21	So they turned and departed, and put the little ones and the cattle and the carriage before them.
1 Chronicles 12:8	And of the Gadites there separated themselves to David into the hold to the wilderness men of might, and men of war fit for the battle, that could handle shield and buckler, whose faces were like the faces of lions, and were as swift as the roes on the mountains;
Deuteronomy 25:5	If brothers dwell together, and one of them die, and have no child, the wife of the dead shall not marry without to a stranger: her husband’s brother shall go in to her, and take her to him to wife, and perform the duty of an husband’s brother to her.
2 Timothy 1:9	Who has saved us, and called us with an holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace, which was given us in Christ Jesus before the world began,
Jeremiah 16:15	But, The LORD lives, that brought up the children of Israel from the land of the north, and from all the lands where he had driven them: and I will bring them again into their land that I gave to their fathers.
Exodus 24:17	And the sight of the glory of the LORD was like devouring fire on the top of the mount in the eyes of the children of Israel.
Matthew 15:21	Then Jesus went there, and departed into the coasts of Tyre and Sidon.
Judges 21:13	And the whole congregation sent some to speak to the children of Benjamin that were in the rock Rimmon, and to call peaceably to them.
Job 16:7	But now he has made me weary: you have made desolate all my company.
Numbers 17:10	And the LORD said to Moses, Bring Aaron’s rod again before the testimony, to be kept for a token against the rebels; and you shall quite take away their murmurings from me, that they die not.
1 John 2:24	Let that therefore abide in you, which you have heard from the beginning. If that which you have heard from the beginning shall remain in you, you also shall continue in the Son, and in the Father.
Proverbs 6:15	Therefore shall his calamity come suddenly; suddenly shall he be broken without remedy.
Romans 16:5	Likewise greet the church that is in their house. Salute my well-beloved Epaenetus, who is the first fruits of Achaia to Christ.
Joshua 15:20	This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Judah according to their families.
Deuteronomy 30:10	If you shall listen to the voice of the LORD your God, to keep his commandments and his statutes which are written in this book of the law, and if you turn to the LORD your God with all your heart, and with all your soul.
Genesis 31:49	And Mizpah; for he said, The LORD watch between me and you, when we are absent one from another.
1 Kings 22:32	And it came to pass, when the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, that they said, Surely it is the king of Israel. And they turned aside to fight against him: and Jehoshaphat cried out.
John 6:42	And they said, Is not this Jesus, the son of Joseph, whose father and mother we know? how is it then that he said, I came down from heaven?
1 Kings 21:18	Arise, go down to meet Ahab king of Israel, which is in Samaria: behold, he is in the vineyard of Naboth, where he is gone down to possess it.
Matthew 9:29	Then touched he their eyes, saying, According to your faith be it to you.
Exodus 40:16	Thus did Moses: according to all that the LORD commanded him, so did he.
1 Chronicles 14:8	And when the Philistines heard that David was anointed king over all Israel, all the Philistines went up to seek David. And David heard of it, and went out against them.
James 3:17	But the wisdom that is from above is first pure, then peaceable, gentle, and easy to be entreated, full of mercy and good fruits, without partiality, and without hypocrisy.
Numbers 21:5	And the people spoke against God, and against Moses, Why have you brought us up out of Egypt to die in the wilderness? for there is no bread, neither is there any water; and our soul loathes this light bread.
Genesis 24:6	And Abraham said to him, Beware you that you bring not my son thither again.
Esther 3:14	The copy of the writing for a commandment to be given in every province was published to all people, that they should be ready against that day.
John 7:39	(But this spoke he of the Spirit, which they that believe on him should receive: for the Holy Ghost was not yet given; because that Jesus was not yet glorified.)
Luke 10:33	But a certain Samaritan, as he journeyed, came where he was: and when he saw him, he had compassion on him,
Joshua 1:7	Only be you strong and very courageous, that you may observe to do according to all the law, which Moses my servant commanded you: turn not from it to the right hand or to the left, that you may prosper wherever you go.
Matthew 27:58	He went to Pilate, and begged the body of Jesus. Then Pilate commanded the body to be delivered.
Matthew 21:6	And the disciples went, and did as Jesus commanded them,
Acts 5:39	But if it be of God, you cannot overthrow it; lest haply you be found even to fight against God.
Proverbs 22:20	Have not I written to you excellent things in counsels and knowledge,
Hebrews 9:10	Which stood only in meats and drinks, and divers washings, and carnal ordinances, imposed on them until the time of reformation.
Proverbs 21:7	The robbery of the wicked shall destroy them; because they refuse to do judgment.
2 Samuel 18:7	Where the people of Israel were slain before the servants of David, and there was there a great slaughter that day of twenty thousand men.
2 Kings 4:43	And his servitor said, What, should I set this before an hundred men? He said again, Give the people, that they may eat: for thus said the LORD, They shall eat, and shall leave thereof.
Leviticus 27:3	And your estimation shall be of the male from twenty years old even to sixty years old, even your estimation shall be fifty shekels of silver, after the shekel of the sanctuary.
Ezekiel 17:22	Thus said the Lord GOD; I will also take of the highest branch of the high cedar, and will set it; I will crop off from the top of his young twigs a tender one, and will plant it on an high mountain and eminent:
Ezekiel 12:13	My net also will I spread on him, and he shall be taken in my snare: and I will bring him to Babylon to the land of the Chaldeans; yet shall he not see it, though he shall die there.
Hosea 14:3	Asshur shall not save us; we will not ride on horses: neither will we say any more to the work of our hands, You are our gods: for in you the fatherless finds mercy.
Leviticus 15:12	And the vessel of earth, that he touches which has the issue, shall be broken: and every vessel of wood shall be rinsed in water.
Psalm 100:5	For the LORD is good; his mercy is everlasting; and his truth endures to all generations.
Ecclesiastes 9:2	All things come alike to all: there is one event to the righteous, and to the wicked; to the good and to the clean, and to the unclean; to him that sacrifices, and to him that sacrifices not: as is the good, so is the sinner; and he that swears, as he that fears an oath.
1 Samuel 1:1	Now there was a certain man of Ramathaimzophim, of mount Ephraim, and his name was Elkanah, the son of Jeroham, the son of Elihu, the son of Tohu, the son of Zuph, an Ephrathite:
1 Kings 13:16	And he said, I may not return with you, nor go in with you: neither will I eat bread nor drink water with you in this place:
Job 28:28	And to man he said, Behold, the fear of the LORD, that is wisdom; and to depart from evil is understanding.
Isaiah 11:10	And in that day there shall be a root of Jesse, which shall stand for an ensign of the people; to it shall the Gentiles seek: and his rest shall be glorious.
Matthew 24:19	And woe to them that are with child, and to them that give suck in those days!
2 Samuel 5:14	And these be the names of those that were born to him in Jerusalem; Shammuah, and Shobab, and Nathan, and Solomon,
Job 40:5	Once have I spoken; but I will not answer: yes, twice; but I will proceed no further.
1 Chronicles 6:52	Meraioth his son, Amariah his son, Ahitub his son,
Numbers 7:84	This was the dedication of the altar, in the day when it was anointed, by the princes of Israel: twelve chargers of silver, twelve silver bowls, twelve spoons of gold:
2 Kings 6:1	And the sons of the prophets said to Elisha, Behold now, the place where we dwell with you is too strait for us.
2 Kings 18:33	Has any of the gods of the nations delivered at all his land out of the hand of the king of Assyria?
Song of Solomon 7:13	The mandrakes give a smell, and at our gates are all manner of pleasant fruits, new and old, which I have laid up for you, O my beloved.
Jeremiah 51:26	And they shall not take of you a stone for a corner, nor a stone for foundations; but you shall be desolate for ever, said the LORD.
Colossians 3:13	Forbearing one another, and forgiving one another, if any man have a quarrel against any: even as Christ forgave you, so also do you.
Isaiah 42:16	And I will bring the blind by a way that they knew not; I will lead them in paths that they have not known: I will make darkness light before them, and crooked things straight. These things will I do to them, and not forsake them.
Mark 12:40	Which devour widows’ houses, and for a pretense make long prayers: these shall receive greater damnation.
Matthew 3:5	Then went out to him Jerusalem, and all Judaea, and all the region round about Jordan,
Romans 16:15	Salute Philologus, and Julia, Nereus, and his sister, and Olympas, and all the saints which are with them.
Ezekiel 9:4	And the LORD said to him, Go through the middle of the city, through the middle of Jerusalem, and set a mark on the foreheads of the men that sigh and that cry for all the abominations that be done in the middle thereof.
Jeremiah 51:31	One post shall run to meet another, and one messenger to meet another, to show the king of Babylon that his city is taken at one end,
Genesis 28:5	And Isaac sent away Jacob: and he went to Padanaram to Laban, son of Bethuel the Syrian, the brother of Rebekah, Jacob’s and Esau’s mother.
John 1:29	The next day John sees Jesus coming to him, and said, Behold the Lamb of God, which takes away the sin of the world.
2 Kings 11:14	And when she looked, behold, the king stood by a pillar, as the manner was, and the princes and the trumpeters by the king, and all the people of the land rejoiced, and blew with trumpets: and Athaliah rent her clothes, and cried, Treason, Treason.
Psalm 37:14	The wicked have drawn out the sword, and have bent their bow, to cast down the poor and needy, and to slay such as be of upright conversation.
Nehemiah 8:9	And Nehemiah, which is the Tirshatha, and Ezra the priest the scribe, and the Levites that taught the people, said to all the people, This day is holy to the LORD your God; mourn not, nor weep. For all the people wept, when they heard the words of the law.
1 Samuel 18:8	And Saul was very wroth, and the saying displeased him; and he said, They have ascribed to David ten thousands, and to me they have ascribed but thousands: and what can he have more but the kingdom?
Judges 19:1	And it came to pass in those days, when there was no king in Israel, that there was a certain Levite sojourning on the side of mount Ephraim, who took to him a concubine out of Bethlehemjudah.
Ezekiel 14:18	Though these three men were in it, as I live, said the Lord GOD, they shall deliver neither sons nor daughters, but they only shall be delivered themselves.
1 Thessalonians 5:25	Brothers, pray for us.
2 Peter 1:8	For if these things be in you, and abound, they make you that you shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Matthew 23:17	You fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gold, or the temple that sanctifies the gold?
Exodus 16:6	And Moses and Aaron said to all the children of Israel, At even, then you shall know that the LORD has brought you out from the land of Egypt:
Psalm 144:6	Cast forth lightning, and scatter them: shoot out your arrows, and destroy them.
Jeremiah 19:9	And I will cause them to eat the flesh of their sons and the flesh of their daughters, and they shall eat every one the flesh of his friend in the siege and narrow place, with which their enemies, and they that seek their lives, shall straiten them.
Deuteronomy 1:8	Behold, I have set the land before you: go in and possess the land which the LORD swore to your fathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, to give to them and to their seed after them.
2 Kings 17:24	And the king of Assyria brought men from Babylon, and from Cuthah, and from Ava, and from Hamath, and from Sepharvaim, and placed them in the cities of Samaria instead of the children of Israel: and they possessed Samaria, and dwelled in the cities thereof.
Psalm 9:19	Arise, O LORD; let not man prevail: let the heathen be judged in your sight.
Ezekiel 18:13	Has given forth on usury, and has taken increase: shall he then live? he shall not live: he has done all these abominations; he shall surely die; his blood shall be on him.
John 19:6	When the chief priests therefore and officers saw him, they cried out, saying, Crucify him, crucify him. Pilate said to them, Take you him, and crucify him: for I find no fault in him.
Revelation 18:21	And a mighty angel took up a stone like a great millstone, and cast it into the sea, saying, Thus with violence shall that great city Babylon be thrown down, and shall be found no more at all.
Acts 5:23	Saying, The prison truly found we shut with all safety, and the keepers standing without before the doors: but when we had opened, we found no man within.
Psalm 147:12	Praise the LORD, O Jerusalem; praise your God, O Zion.
Isaiah 63:16	Doubtless you are our father, though Abraham be ignorant of us, and Israel acknowledge us not: you, O LORD, are our father, our redeemer; your name is from everlasting.
Psalm 82:8	Arise, O God, judge the earth: for you shall inherit all nations.
1 Samuel 30:23	Then said David, You shall not do so, my brothers, with that which the LORD has given us, who has preserved us, and delivered the company that came against us into our hand.
Exodus 26:18	And you shall make the boards for the tabernacle, twenty boards on the south side southward.
1 Chronicles 3:20	And Hashubah, and Ohel, and Berechiah, and Hasadiah, Jushabhesed, five.
2 Chronicles 26:13	And under their hand was an army, three hundred thousand and seven thousand and five hundred, that made war with mighty power, to help the king against the enemy.
Genesis 26:22	And he removed from there, and dig another well; and for that they strove not: and he called the name of it Rehoboth; and he said, For now the LORD has made room for us, and we shall be fruitful in the land.
Judges 14:18	And the men of the city said to him on the seventh day before the sun went down, What is sweeter than honey? And what is stronger than a lion? and he said to them, If you had not plowed with my heifer, you had not found out my riddle.
Judges 2:7	And the people served the LORD all the days of Joshua, and all the days of the elders that outlived Joshua, who had seen all the great works of the LORD, that he did for Israel.
Numbers 10:13	And they first took their journey according to the commandment of the LORD by the hand of Moses.
2 Chronicles 32:6	And he set captains of war over the people, and gathered them together to him in the street of the gate of the city, and spoke comfortably to them, saying,
Deuteronomy 20:9	And it shall be, when the officers have made an end of speaking to the people that they shall make captains of the armies to lead the people.
Psalm 135:12	And gave their land for an heritage, an heritage to Israel his people.
Mark 14:6	And Jesus said, Let her alone; why trouble you her? she has worked a good work on me.
Psalm 147:13	For he has strengthened the bars of your gates; he has blessed your children within you.
Matthew 22:18	But Jesus perceived their wickedness, and said, Why tempt you me, you hypocrites?
Deuteronomy 20:6	And what man is he that has planted a vineyard, and has not yet eaten of it? let him also go and return to his house, lest he die in the battle, and another man eat of it.
John 8:35	And the servant stays not in the house for ever: but the Son stays ever.
Exodus 28:20	And the fourth row a beryl, and an onyx, and a jasper: they shall be set in gold in their settings.
Jeremiah 12:15	And it shall come to pass, after that I have plucked them out I will return, and have compassion on them, and will bring them again, every man to his heritage, and every man to his land.
Psalm 34:18	The LORD is near to them that are of a broken heart; and saves such as be of a contrite spirit.
Mark 4:1	And he began again to teach by the sea side: and there was gathered to him a great multitude, so that he entered into a ship, and sat in the sea; and the whole multitude was by the sea on the land.
1 Kings 4:1	So king Solomon was king over all Israel.
1 Kings 6:19	And the oracle he prepared in the house within, to set there the ark of the covenant of the LORD.
Philippians 2:28	I sent him therefore the more carefully, that, when you see him again, you may rejoice, and that I may be the less sorrowful.
Numbers 33:49	And they pitched by Jordan, from Bethjesimoth even to Abelshittim in the plains of Moab.
Job 6:12	Is my strength the strength of stones? or is my flesh of brass?
Revelation 12:3	And there appeared another wonder in heaven; and behold a great red dragon, having seven heads and ten horns, and seven crowns on his heads.
Psalm 90:7	For we are consumed by your anger, and by your wrath are we troubled.
John 14:11	Believe me that I am in the Father, and the Father in me: or else believe me for the very works’ sake.
Acts 27:20	And when neither sun nor stars in many days appeared, and no small tempest lay on us, all hope that we should be saved was then taken away.
Isaiah 28:17	Judgment also will I lay to the line, and righteousness to the plummet: and the hail shall sweep away the refuge of lies, and the waters shall overflow the hiding place.
Jeremiah 6:26	O daughter of my people, gird you with sackcloth, and wallow yourself in ashes: make you mourning, as for an only son, most bitter lamentation: for the spoiler shall suddenly come on us.
Isaiah 10:34	And he shall cut down the thickets of the forest with iron, and Lebanon shall fall by a mighty one.
Luke 1:72	To perform the mercy promised to our fathers, and to remember his holy covenant;
2 Timothy 2:6	The farmer that labors must be first partaker of the fruits.
Psalm 119:135	Make your face to shine on your servant; and teach me your statutes.
Habakkuk 1:4	Therefore the law is slacked, and judgment does never go forth: for the wicked does compass about the righteous; therefore wrong judgment proceeds.
2 Kings 25:1	And it came to pass in the ninth year of his reign, in the tenth month, in the tenth day of the month, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came, he, and all his host, against Jerusalem, and pitched against it; and they built forts against it round about.
2 Chronicles 17:10	And the fear of the LORD fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were round about Judah, so that they made no war against Jehoshaphat.
Mark 14:2	But they said, Not on the feast day, lest there be an uproar of the people.
Proverbs 7:20	He has taken a bag of money with him, and will come home at the day appointed.
2 Corinthians 10:3	For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh:
Genesis 46:32	And the men are shepherds, for their trade has been to feed cattle; and they have brought their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have.
Judges 9:13	And the vine said to them, Should I leave my wine, which cheers God and man, and go to be promoted over the trees?
2 Chronicles 4:11	And Huram made the pots, and the shovels, and the basins. And Huram finished the work that he was to make for king Solomon for the house of God;
1 Chronicles 16:27	Glory and honor are in his presence; strength and gladness are in his place.
Genesis 23:20	And the field, and the cave that is therein, were made sure to Abraham for a possession of a burial plot by the sons of Heth.
Psalm 44:12	You sell your people for nothing, and do not increase your wealth by their price.
Zechariah 4:3	And two olive trees by it, one on the right side of the bowl, and the other on the left side thereof.
James 4:8	Draw near to God, and he will draw near to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners; and purify your hearts, you double minded.
Proverbs 25:16	Have you found honey? eat so much as is sufficient for you, lest you be filled therewith, and vomit it.
Judges 11:25	And now are you any thing better than Balak the son of Zippor, king of Moab? did he ever strive against Israel, or did he ever fight against them,
Isaiah 44:2	Thus said the LORD that made you, and formed you from the womb, which will help you; Fear not, O Jacob, my servant; and you, Jesurun, whom I have chosen.
Ezekiel 27:30	And shall cause their voice to be heard against you, and shall cry bitterly, and shall cast up dust on their heads, they shall wallow themselves in the ashes:
Psalm 81:1	Sing aloud to God our strength: make a joyful noise to the God of Jacob.
Numbers 5:22	And this water that causes the curse shall go into your bowels, to make your belly to swell, and your thigh to rot: And the woman shall say, Amen, amen.
Ezekiel 12:26	Again the word of the LORD came to me, saying.
1 Chronicles 6:33	And these are they that waited with their children. Of the sons of the Kohathites: Heman a singer, the son of Joel, the son of Shemuel,
Romans 5:19	For as by one man’s disobedience many were made sinners, so by the obedience of one shall many be made righteous.
Deuteronomy 14:22	You shall truly tithe all the increase of your seed, that the field brings forth year by year.
James 3:13	Who is a wise man and endued with knowledge among you? let him show out of a good conversation his works with meekness of wisdom.
Ezekiel 8:6	He said furthermore to me, Son of man, see you what they do? even the great abominations that the house of Israel commits here, that I should go far off from my sanctuary? but turn you yet again, and you shall see greater abominations.
Psalm 84:3	Yes, the sparrow has found an house, and the swallow a nest for herself, where she may lay her young, even your altars, O LORD of hosts, my King, and my God.
Matthew 13:39	The enemy that sowed them is the devil; the harvest is the end of the world; and the reapers are the angels.
Exodus 37:16	And he made the vessels which were on the table, his dishes, and his spoons, and his bowls, and his covers to cover with, of pure gold.
Judges 19:5	And it came to pass on the fourth day, when they arose early in the morning, that he rose up to depart: and the damsel’s father said to his son in law, Comfort your heart with a morsel of bread, and afterward go your way.
2 Chronicles 20:35	And after this did Jehoshaphat king of Judah join himself with Ahaziah king of Israel, who did very wickedly:
Nehemiah 8:2	And Ezra the priest brought the law before the congregation both of men and women, and all that could hear with understanding, on the first day of the seventh month.
Revelation 22:16	I Jesus have sent my angel to testify to you these things in the churches. I am the root and the offspring of David, and the bright and morning star.
1 Thessalonians 5:12	And we beseech you, brothers, to know them which labor among you, and are over you in the Lord, and admonish you;
Luke 23:32	And there were also two other, malefactors, led with him to be put to death.
Isaiah 28:9	Whom shall he teach knowledge? and whom shall he make to understand doctrine? them that are weaned from the milk, and drawn from the breasts.
Psalm 38:1	O lord, rebuke me not in your wrath: neither chasten me in your hot displeasure.
Ezra 10:31	And of the sons of Harim; Eliezer, Ishijah, Malchiah, Shemaiah, Shimeon,
2 Chronicles 23:4	This is the thing that you shall do; A third part of you entering on the sabbath, of the priests and of the Levites, shall be porters of the doors;
2 Kings 13:23	And the LORD was gracious to them, and had compassion on them, and had respect to them, because of his covenant with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and would not destroy them, neither cast he them from his presence as yet.
Psalm 105:6	O you seed of Abraham his servant, you children of Jacob his chosen.
Joshua 14:3	For Moses had given the inheritance of two tribes and an half tribe on the other side Jordan: but to the Levites he gave none inheritance among them.
Leviticus 6:29	All the males among the priests shall eat thereof: it is most holy.
Proverbs 10:14	Wise men lay up knowledge: but the mouth of the foolish is near destruction.
1 Samuel 20:6	If your father at all miss me, then say, David earnestly asked leave of me that he might run to Bethlehem his city: for there is a yearly sacrifice there for all the family.
1 Chronicles 16:18	Saying, To you will I give the land of Canaan, the lot of your inheritance;
2 Samuel 24:6	Then they came to Gilead, and to the land of Tahtimhodshi; and they came to Danjaan, and about to Zidon,
Proverbs 21:24	Proud and haughty scorner is his name, who deals in proud wrath.
1 Chronicles 2:20	And Hur begat Uri, and Uri begat Bezaleel.
Jeremiah 9:18	And let them make haste, and take up a wailing for us, that our eyes may run down with tears, and our eyelids gush out with waters.
1 Samuel 18:18	And David said to Saul, Who am I? and what is my life, or my father’s family in Israel, that I should be son in law to the king?
Exodus 39:22	And he made the robe of the ephod of woven work, all of blue.
Jeremiah 51:21	And with you will I break in pieces the horse and his rider; and with you will I break in pieces the chariot and his rider;
Colossians 1:10	That you might walk worthy of the Lord to all pleasing, being fruitful in every good work, and increasing in the knowledge of God;
Genesis 45:28	And Israel said, It is enough; Joseph my son is yet alive: I will go and see him before I die.
Exodus 19:12	And you shall set bounds to the people round about, saying, Take heed to yourselves, that you go not up into the mount, or touch the border of it: whoever touches the mount shall be surely put to death:
Isaiah 10:22	For though your people Israel be as the sand of the sea, yet a remnant of them shall return: the consumption decreed shall overflow with righteousness.
Exodus 38:23	And with him was Aholiab, son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan, an engraver, and a cunning workman, and an embroiderer in blue, and in purple, and in scarlet, and fine linen.
1 Chronicles 21:10	Go and tell David, saying, Thus said the LORD, I offer you three things: choose you one of them, that I may do it to you.
Exodus 25:34	And in the candlesticks shall be four bowls made like to almonds, with their knops and their flowers.
Exodus 25:35	And there shall be a bud under two branches of the same, and a bud under two branches of the same, and a bud under two branches of the same, according to the six branches that proceed out of the candlestick.
Acts 8:22	Repent therefore of this your wickedness, and pray God, if perhaps the thought of your heart may be forgiven you.
Luke 19:4	And he ran before, and climbed up into a sycomore tree to see him: for he was to pass that way.
John 8:31	Then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on him, If you continue in my word, then are you my disciples indeed;
Galatians 6:4	But let every man prove his own work, and then shall he have rejoicing in himself alone, and not in another.
Joshua 17:14	And the children of Joseph spoke to Joshua, saying, Why have you given me but one lot and one portion to inherit, seeing I am a great people, for as much as the LORD has blessed me till now?
Genesis 24:42	And I came this day to the well, and said, O LORD God of my master Abraham, if now you do prosper my way which I go:
Acts 5:34	Then stood there up one in the council, a Pharisee, named Gamaliel, a doctor of the law, had in reputation among all the people, and commanded to put the apostles forth a little space;
2 Kings 23:15	Moreover the altar that was at Bethel, and the high place which Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin, had made, both that altar and the high place he broke down, and burned the high place, and stamped it small to powder, and burned the grove.
Exodus 33:7	And Moses took the tabernacle, and pitched it without the camp, afar off from the camp, and called it the Tabernacle of the congregation. And it came to pass, that every one which sought the LORD went out to the tabernacle of the congregation, which was without the camp.
2 Chronicles 6:8	But the LORD said to David my father, For as much as it was in your heart to build an house for my name, you did well in that it was in your heart:
2 Chronicles 28:3	Moreover he burnt incense in the valley of the son of Hinnom, and burnt his children in the fire, after the abominations of the heathen whom the LORD had cast out before the children of Israel.
2 Chronicles 18:1	Now Jehoshaphat had riches and honor in abundance, and joined affinity with Ahab.
Genesis 38:16	And he turned to her by the way, and said, Go to, I pray you, let me come in to you; (for he knew not that she was his daughter in law.) And she said, What will you give me, that you may come in to me?
Genesis 33:13	And he said to him, My lord knows that the children are tender, and the flocks and herds with young are with me: and if men should overdrive them one day, all the flock will die.
Deuteronomy 27:17	Cursed be he that removes his neighbor’s landmark. And all the people shall say, Amen.
Judges 9:52	And Abimelech came to the tower, and fought against it, and went hard to the door of the tower to burn it with fire.
Exodus 32:2	And Aaron said to them, Break off the golden earrings, which are in the ears of your wives, of your sons, and of your daughters, and bring them to me.
Exodus 6:1	Then the LORD said to Moses, Now shall you see what I will do to Pharaoh: for with a strong hand shall he let them go, and with a strong hand shall he drive them out of his land.
1 Samuel 13:13	And Samuel said to Saul, You have done foolishly: you have not kept the commandment of the LORD your God, which he commanded you: for now would the LORD have established your kingdom on Israel for ever.
Psalm 36:10	O continue your loving kindness to them that know you; and your righteousness to the upright in heart.
2 Chronicles 24:6	And the king called for Jehoiada the chief, and said to him, Why have you not required of the Levites to bring in out of Judah and out of Jerusalem the collection, according to the commandment of Moses the servant of the LORD, and of the congregation of Israel, for the tabernacle of witness?
Ezekiel 21:17	I will also smite my hands together, and I will cause my fury to rest: I the LORD have said it.
Exodus 9:24	So there was hail, and fire mingled with the hail, very grievous, such as there was none like it in all the land of Egypt since it became a nation.
2 Kings 24:10	At that time the servants of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up against Jerusalem, and the city was besieged.
1 Chronicles 7:6	The sons of Benjamin; Bela, and Becher, and Jediael, three.
1 Chronicles 21:5	And Joab gave the sum of the number of the people to David. And all they of Israel were a thousand thousand and an hundred thousand men that drew sword: and Judah was four hundred three score and ten thousand men that drew sword.
Matthew 9:14	Then came to him the disciples of John, saying, Why do we and the Pharisees fast oft, but your disciples fast not?
Job 19:17	My breath is strange to my wife, though I entreated for the children’s sake of my own body.
1 Peter 3:11	Let him eschew evil, and do good; let him seek peace, and ensue it.
2 Corinthians 5:17	Therefore if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new.
1 Kings 22:46	And the remnant of the sodomites, which remained in the days of his father Asa, he took out of the land.
John 8:38	I speak that which I have seen with my Father: and you do that which you have seen with your father.
1 Chronicles 14:10	And David inquired of God, saying, Shall I go up against the Philistines? And will you deliver them into my hand? And the LORD said to him, Go up; for I will deliver them into your hand.
Deuteronomy 1:40	But as for you, turn you, and take your journey into the wilderness by the way of the Red sea.
Matthew 8:17	That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying, Himself took our infirmities, and bore our sicknesses.
Matthew 25:16	Then he that had received the five talents went and traded with the same, and made them other five talents.
Ezekiel 39:9	And they that dwell in the cities of Israel shall go forth, and shall set on fire and burn the weapons, both the shields and the bucklers, the bows and the arrows, and the hand staves, and the spears, and they shall burn them with fire seven years:
Isaiah 14:14	I will ascend above the heights of the clouds; I will be like the most High.
Galatians 4:4	But when the fullness of the time was come, God sent forth his Son, made of a woman, made under the law,
Lamentations 3:56	You have heard my voice: hide not your ear at my breathing, at my cry.
Numbers 30:15	But if he shall any ways make them void after that he has heard them; then he shall bear her iniquity.
Daniel 3:25	He answered and said, See, I see four men loose, walking in the middle of the fire, and they have no hurt; and the form of the fourth is like the Son of God.
Isaiah 38:19	The living, the living, he shall praise you, as I do this day: the father to the children shall make known your truth.
Deuteronomy 19:16	If a false witness rise up against any man to testify against him that which is wrong;
Nehemiah 11:6	All the sons of Perez that dwelled at Jerusalem were four hundred three score and eight valiant men.
Ezekiel 5:13	Thus shall my anger be accomplished, and I will cause my fury to rest on them, and I will be comforted: and they shall know that I the LORD have spoken it in my zeal, when I have accomplished my fury in them.
Deuteronomy 15:21	And if there be any blemish therein, as if it be lame, or blind, or have any ill blemish, you shall not sacrifice it to the LORD your God.
Psalm 10:7	His mouth is full of cursing and deceit and fraud: under his tongue is mischief and vanity.
Ezekiel 23:40	And furthermore, that you have sent for men to come from far, to whom a messenger was sent; and, see, they came: for whom you did wash yourself, painted your eyes, and decked yourself with ornaments,
Romans 3:1	What advantage then has the Jew? or what profit is there of circumcision?
1 Chronicles 25:23	The sixteenth to Hananiah, he, his sons, and his brothers, were twelve:
Genesis 46:33	And it shall come to pass, when Pharaoh shall call you, and shall say, What is your occupation?
Psalm 78:71	From following the ewes great with young he brought him to feed Jacob his people, and Israel his inheritance.
Isaiah 43:17	Which brings forth the chariot and horse, the army and the power; they shall lie down together, they shall not rise: they are extinct, they are quenched as wick.
Malachi 3:2	But who may abide the day of his coming? and who shall stand when he appears? for he is like a refiner’s fire, and like fullers’ soap:
Psalm 71:20	You, which have showed me great and sore troubles, shall quicken me again, and shall bring me up again from the depths of the earth.
Exodus 20:16	You shall not bear false witness against your neighbor.
Romans 15:21	But as it is written, To whom he was not spoken of, they shall see: and they that have not heard shall understand.
1 Kings 7:2	He built also the house of the forest of Lebanon; the length thereof was an hundred cubits, and the breadth thereof fifty cubits, and the height thereof thirty cubits, on four rows of cedar pillars, with cedar beams on the pillars.
1 Samuel 2:31	Behold, the days come, that I will cut off your arm, and the arm of your father’s house, that there shall not be an old man in your house.
Psalm 44:14	You make us a byword among the heathen, a shaking of the head among the people.
2 Kings 15:24	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD: he departed not from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin.
Proverbs 15:20	A wise son makes a glad father: but a foolish man despises his mother.
Proverbs 8:12	I wisdom dwell with prudence, and find out knowledge of witty inventions.
Job 2:9	Then said his wife to him, Do you still retain your integrity? curse God, and die.
Job 16:10	They have gaped on me with their mouth; they have smitten me on the cheek reproachfully; they have gathered themselves together against me.
John 5:33	You sent to John, and he bore witness to the truth.
1 Corinthians 3:2	I have fed you with milk, and not with meat: for till now you were not able to bear it, neither yet now are you able.
1 Kings 16:2	For as much as I exalted you out of the dust, and made you prince over my people Israel; and you have walked in the way of Jeroboam, and have made my people Israel to sin, to provoke me to anger with their sins;
Nehemiah 12:11	And Joiada begat Jonathan, and Jonathan begat Jaddua.
Ezekiel 18:19	Yet say you, Why? does not the son bear the iniquity of the father? When the son has done that which is lawful and right, and has kept all my statutes, and has done them, he shall surely live.
Psalm 105:38	Egypt was glad when they departed: for the fear of them fell on them.
Matthew 18:5	And whoever shall receive one such little child in my name receives me.
Acts 6:3	Why, brothers, look you out among you seven men of honest report, full of the Holy Ghost and wisdom, whom we may appoint over this business.
Joshua 2:10	For we have heard how the LORD dried up the water of the Red sea for you, when you came out of Egypt; and what you did to the two kings of the Amorites, that were on the other side Jordan, Sihon and Og, whom you utterly destroyed.
Psalm 104:6	You covered it with the deep as with a garment: the waters stood above the mountains.
1 Kings 10:11	And the navy also of Hiram, that brought gold from Ophir, brought in from Ophir great plenty of almug trees, and precious stones.
Numbers 16:11	For which cause both you and all your company are gathered together against the LORD: and what is Aaron, that you murmur against him?
Genesis 19:14	And Lot went out, and spoke to his sons in law, which married his daughters, and said, Up, get you out of this place; for the LORD will destroy this city. But he seemed as one that mocked to his sons in law.
Deuteronomy 9:25	Thus I fell down before the LORD forty days and forty nights, as I fell down at the first; because the LORD had said he would destroy you.
Ezekiel 36:36	Then the heathen that are left round about you shall know that I the LORD build the ruined places, and plant that that was desolate: I the LORD have spoken it, and I will do it.
Colossians 4:4	That I may make it manifest, as I ought to speak.
Haggai 1:5	Now therefore thus said the LORD of hosts; Consider your ways.
Proverbs 17:11	An evil man seeks only rebellion: therefore a cruel messenger shall be sent against him.
Exodus 3:12	And he said, Certainly I will be with you; and this shall be a token to you, that I have sent you: When you have brought forth the people out of Egypt, you shall serve God on this mountain.
Joshua 4:20	And those twelve stones, which they took out of Jordan, did Joshua pitch in Gilgal.
John 19:25	Now there stood by the cross of Jesus his mother, and his mother’s sister, Mary the wife of Cleophas, and Mary Magdalene.
Joel 2:29	And also on the servants and on the handmaids in those days will I pour out my spirit.
John 4:27	And on this came his disciples, and marveled that he talked with the woman: yet no man said, What seek you? or, Why talk you with her?
James 5:10	Take, my brothers, the prophets, who have spoken in the name of the Lord, for an example of suffering affliction, and of patience.
Genesis 47:16	And Joseph said, Give your cattle; and I will give you for your cattle, if money fail.
Job 10:6	That you enquire after my iniquity, and search after my sin?
2 Kings 21:1	Manasseh was twelve years old when he began to reign, and reigned fifty and five years in Jerusalem. And his mother’s name was Hephzibah.
2 Chronicles 7:16	For now have I chosen and sanctified this house, that my name may be there for ever: and my eyes and my heart shall be there perpetually.
Daniel 2:48	Then the king made Daniel a great man, and gave him many great gifts, and made him ruler over the whole province of Babylon, and chief of the governors over all the wise men of Babylon.
Luke 9:4	And whatever house you enter into, there abide, and there depart.
Job 28:6	The stones of it are the place of sapphires: and it has dust of gold.
Galatians 4:14	And my temptation which was in my flesh you despised not, nor rejected; but received me as an angel of God, even as Christ Jesus.
Numbers 25:13	And he shall have it, and his seed after him, even the covenant of an everlasting priesthood; because he was zealous for his God, and made an atonement for the children of Israel.
John 10:9	I am the door: by me if any man enter in, he shall be saved, and shall go in and out, and find pasture.
Judges 18:22	And when they were a good way from the house of Micah, the men that were in the houses near to Micah’s house were gathered together, and overtook the children of Dan.
Judges 11:5	And it was so, that when the children of Ammon made war against Israel, the elders of Gilead went to fetch Jephthah out of the land of Tob:
Judges 6:18	Depart not hence, I pray you, until I come to you, and bring forth my present, and set it before you. And he said, I will tarry until you come again.
Numbers 2:31	All they that were numbered in the camp of Dan were an hundred thousand and fifty and seven thousand and six hundred. They shall go hindmost with their standards.
Jeremiah 7:19	Do they provoke me to anger? said the LORD: do they not provoke themselves to the confusion of their own faces?
1 Samuel 17:39	And David girded his sword on his armor, and he assayed to go; for he had not proved it. And David said to Saul, I cannot go with these; for I have not proved them. And David put them off him.
Esther 5:3	Then said the king to her, What will you, queen Esther? and what is your request? it shall be even given you to the half of the kingdom.
Numbers 16:45	Get you up from among this congregation, that I may consume them as in a moment. And they fell on their faces.
Genesis 34:3	And his soul joined to Dinah the daughter of Jacob, and he loved the damsel, and spoke kindly to the damsel.
Joshua 19:23	This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Issachar according to their families, the cities and their villages.
Numbers 1:46	Even all they that were numbered were six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty.
2 Chronicles 6:5	Since the day that I brought forth my people out of the land of Egypt I chose no city among all the tribes of Israel to build an house in, that my name might be there; neither chose I any man to be a ruler over my people Israel:
1 Samuel 22:19	And Nob, the city of the priests, smote he with the edge of the sword, both men and women, children and sucklings, and oxen, and asses, and sheep, with the edge of the sword.
Genesis 29:10	And it came to pass, when Jacob saw Rachel the daughter of Laban his mother’s brother, and the sheep of Laban his mother’s brother, that Jacob went near, and rolled the stone from the well’s mouth, and watered the flock of Laban his mother’s brother.
Mark 14:39	And again he went away, and prayed, and spoke the same words.
2 Samuel 6:11	And the ark of the LORD continued in the house of Obededom the Gittite three months: and the LORD blessed Obededom, and all his household.
Psalm 145:2	Every day will I bless you; and I will praise your name for ever and ever.
Genesis 31:54	Then Jacob offered sacrifice on the mount, and called his brothers to eat bread: and they did eat bread, and tarried all night in the mount.
Matthew 24:39	And knew not until the flood came, and took them all away; so shall also the coming of the Son of man be.
Romans 11:35	Or who has first given to him, and it shall be recompensed to him again?
Acts 4:33	And with great power gave the apostles witness of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus: and great grace was on them all.
Proverbs 12:23	A prudent man conceals knowledge: but the heart of fools proclaims foolishness.
Luke 2:17	And when they had seen it, they made known abroad the saying which was told them concerning this child.
Ephesians 2:8	For by grace are you saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:
Job 22:18	Yet he filled their houses with good things: but the counsel of the wicked is far from me.
Ezra 2:24	The children of Azmaveth, forty and two.
Genesis 43:13	Take also your brother, and arise, go again to the man:
Isaiah 28:3	The crown of pride, the drunkards of Ephraim, shall be trodden under feet:
Exodus 32:18	And he said, It is not the voice of them that shout for mastery, neither is it the voice of them that cry for being overcome: but the noise of them that sing do I hear.
2 Chronicles 18:7	And the king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, There is yet one man, by whom we may inquire of the LORD: but I hate him; for he never prophesied good to me, but always evil: the same is Micaiah the son of Imla. And Jehoshaphat said, Let not the king say so.
Isaiah 60:21	Your people also shall be all righteous: they shall inherit the land for ever, the branch of my planting, the work of my hands, that I may be glorified.
Luke 7:1	Now when he had ended all his sayings in the audience of the people, he entered into Capernaum.
Acts 24:5	For we have found this man a pestilent fellow, and a mover of sedition among all the Jews throughout the world, and a ringleader of the sect of the Nazarenes:
Leviticus 26:18	And if you will not yet for all this listen to me, then I will punish you seven times more for your sins.
Luke 1:58	And her neighbors and her cousins heard how the Lord had showed great mercy on her; and they rejoiced with her.
Isaiah 53:7	He was oppressed, and he was afflicted, yet he opened not his mouth: he is brought as a lamb to the slaughter, and as a sheep before her shearers is dumb, so he opens not his mouth.
Psalm 144:12	That our sons may be as plants grown up in their youth; that our daughters may be as corner stones, polished after the similitude of a palace:
Ezekiel 45:8	In the land shall be his possession in Israel: and my princes shall no more oppress my people; and the rest of the land shall they give to the house of Israel according to their tribes.
Leviticus 8:31	And Moses said to Aaron and to his sons, Boil the flesh at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation: and there eat it with the bread that is in the basket of consecrations, as I commanded, saying, Aaron and his sons shall eat it.
Revelation 2:17	He that has an ear, let him hear what the Spirit said to the churches; To him that overcomes will I give to eat of the hidden manna, and will give him a white stone, and in the stone a new name written, which no man knows saving he that receives it.
Isaiah 40:20	He that is so impoverished that he has no oblation chooses a tree that will not rot; he seeks to him a cunning workman to prepare a graven image, that shall not be moved.
Psalm 35:26	Let them be ashamed and brought to confusion together that rejoice at my hurt: let them be clothed with shame and dishonor that magnify themselves against me.
Matthew 23:22	And he that shall swear by heaven, swears by the throne of God, and by him that sits thereon.
Proverbs 14:32	The wicked is driven away in his wickedness: but the righteous has hope in his death.
Deuteronomy 23:6	You shall not seek their peace nor their prosperity all your days for ever.
Nehemiah 12:30	And the priests and the Levites purified themselves, and purified the people, and the gates, and the wall.
Joshua 24:1	And Joshua gathered all the tribes of Israel to Shechem, and called for the elders of Israel, and for their heads, and for their judges, and for their officers; and they presented themselves before God.
Romans 15:27	It has pleased them truly; and their debtors they are. For if the Gentiles have been made partakers of their spiritual things, their duty is also to minister to them in carnal things.
1 Chronicles 3:15	And the sons of Josiah were, the firstborn Johanan, the second Jehoiakim, the third Zedekiah, the fourth Shallum.
John 7:38	He that believes on me, as the scripture has said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water.
2 Kings 25:17	The height of the one pillar was eighteen cubits, and the capital on it was brass: and the height of the capital three cubits; and the wreathen work, and pomegranates on the capital round about, all of brass: and like to these had the second pillar with wreathen work.
Nehemiah 9:23	Their children also multiplied you as the stars of heaven, and brought them into the land, concerning which you had promised to their fathers, that they should go in to possess it.
Psalm 119:136	Rivers of waters run down my eyes, because they keep not your law.
Exodus 6:28	And it came to pass on the day when the LORD spoke to Moses in the land of Egypt,
Mark 12:4	And again he sent to them another servant; and at him they cast stones, and wounded him in the head, and sent him away shamefully handled.
Acts 24:12	And they neither found me in the temple disputing with any man, neither raising up the people, neither in the synagogues, nor in the city:
Ezekiel 43:26	Seven days shall they purge the altar and purify it; and they shall consecrate themselves.
1 Samuel 25:22	So and more also do God to the enemies of David, if I leave of all that pertain to him by the morning light any that urinates against the wall.
1 Samuel 26:22	And David answered and said, Behold the king’s spear! and let one of the young men come over and fetch it.
Acts 22:21	And he said to me, Depart: for I will send you far hence to the Gentiles.
2 Peter 3:12	Looking for and hastening to the coming of the day of God, wherein the heavens being on fire shall be dissolved, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat?
John 11:26	And whoever lives and believes in me shall never die. Believe you this?
Exodus 9:4	And the LORD shall sever between the cattle of Israel and the cattle of Egypt: and there shall nothing die of all that is the children’s of Israel.
Isaiah 5:19	That say, Let him make speed, and hasten his work, that we may see it: and let the counsel of the Holy One of Israel draw near and come, that we may know it!
Joshua 12:9	The king of Jericho, one; the king of Ai, which is beside Bethel, one;
Isaiah 36:1	Now it came to pass in the fourteenth year of king Hezekiah, that Sennacherib king of Assyria came up against all the defended cities of Judah, and took them.
Isaiah 41:3	He pursued them, and passed safely; even by the way that he had not gone with his feet.
2 Thessalonians 2:10	And with all delusion of unrighteousness in them that perish; because they received not the love of the truth, that they might be saved.
Hosea 9:3	They shall not dwell in the LORD’s land; but Ephraim shall return to Egypt, and they shall eat unclean things in Assyria.
Luke 12:35	Let your loins be girded about, and your lights burning;
1 Samuel 20:1	And David fled from Naioth in Ramah, and came and said before Jonathan, What have I done? what is my iniquity? and what is my sin before your father, that he seeks my life?
Judges 21:18	However, we may not give them wives of our daughters: for the children of Israel have sworn, saying, Cursed be he that gives a wife to Benjamin.
1 Kings 22:21	And there came forth a spirit, and stood before the LORD, and said, I will persuade him.
Psalm 58:10	The righteous shall rejoice when he sees the vengeance: he shall wash his feet in the blood of the wicked.
1 Samuel 16:16	Let our lord now command your servants, which are before you, to seek out a man, who is a cunning player on an harp: and it shall come to pass, when the evil spirit from God is on you, that he shall play with his hand, and you shall be well.
Acts 7:3	And said to him, Get you out of your country, and from your kindred, and come into the land which I shall show you.
1 Chronicles 18:9	Now when Tou king of Hamath heard how David had smitten all the host of Hadarezer king of Zobah;
Psalm 79:10	Why should the heathen say, Where is their God? let him be known among the heathen in our sight by the revenging of the blood of your servants which is shed.
Isaiah 49:21	Then shall you say in your heart, Who has begotten me these, seeing I have lost my children, and am desolate, a captive, and removing to and fro? and who has brought up these? Behold, I was left alone; these, where had they been?
Joshua 2:17	And the men said to her, We will be blameless of this your oath which you have made us swear.
Exodus 5:22	And Moses returned to the LORD, and said, LORD, why have you so evil entreated this people? why is it that you have sent me?
Numbers 32:36	And Bethnimrah, and Bethharan, fenced cities: and folds for sheep.
Genesis 24:62	And Isaac came from the way of the well Lahairoi; for he dwelled in the south country.
Luke 13:10	And he was teaching in one of the synagogues on the sabbath.
1 Kings 11:30	And Ahijah caught the new garment that was on him, and rent it in twelve pieces:
Psalm 96:2	Sing to the LORD, bless his name; show forth his salvation from day to day.
1 Kings 13:27	And he spoke to his sons, saying, Saddle me the ass. And they saddled him.
1 Corinthians 11:14	Does not even nature itself teach you, that, if a man have long hair, it is a shame to him?
2 Chronicles 9:16	And three hundred shields made he of beaten gold: three hundred shekels of gold went to one shield. And the king put them in the house of the forest of Lebanon.
Jeremiah 51:23	I will also break in pieces with you the shepherd and his flock; and with you will I break in pieces the farmer and his yoke of oxen; and with you will I break in pieces captains and rulers.
Amos 3:5	Can a bird fall in a snare on the earth, where no gin is for him? shall one take up a snare from the earth, and have taken nothing at all?
Romans 8:22	For we know that the whole creation groans and travails in pain together until now.
Ezekiel 40:35	And he brought me to the north gate, and measured it according to these measures;
Amos 6:13	You which rejoice in a thing of nothing, which say, Have we not taken to us horns by our own strength?
Daniel 11:6	And in the end of years they shall join themselves together; for the king’s daughter of the south shall come to the king of the north to make an agreement: but she shall not retain the power of the arm; neither shall he stand, nor his arm: but she shall be given up, and they that brought her, and he that begat her, and he that strengthened her in these times.
Isaiah 55:13	Instead of the thorn shall come up the fir tree, and instead of the brier shall come up the myrtle tree: and it shall be to the LORD for a name, for an everlasting sign that shall not be cut off.
Philippians 1:14	And many of the brothers in the Lord, waxing confident by my bonds, are much more bold to speak the word without fear.
Matthew 18:17	And if he shall neglect to hear them, tell it to the church: but if he neglect to hear the church, let him be to you as an heathen man and a publican.
1 Chronicles 15:15	And the children of the Levites bore the ark of God on their shoulders with the staves thereon, as Moses commanded according to the word of the LORD.
Genesis 27:15	And Rebekah took goodly raiment of her oldest son Esau, which were with her in the house, and put them on Jacob her younger son:
Ezekiel 20:39	As for you, O house of Israel, thus said the Lord GOD; Go you, serve you every one his idols, and hereafter also, if you will not listen to me: but pollute you my holy name no more with your gifts, and with your idols.
1 Samuel 14:8	Then said Jonathan, Behold, we will pass over to these men, and we will discover ourselves to them.
Genesis 47:30	But I will lie with my fathers, and you shall carry me out of Egypt, and bury me in their burial plot. And he said, I will do as you have said.
2 Kings 23:17	Then he said, What title is that that I see? And the men of the city told him, It is the sepulcher of the man of God, which came from Judah, and proclaimed these things that you have done against the altar of Bethel.
Exodus 30:31	And you shall speak to the children of Israel, saying, This shall be an holy anointing oil to me throughout your generations.
Proverbs 23:15	My son, if your heart be wise, my heart shall rejoice, even mine.
Leviticus 14:33	And the LORD spoke to Moses and to Aaron, saying,
Deuteronomy 8:16	Who fed you in the wilderness with manna, which your fathers knew not, that he might humble you, and that he might prove you, to do you good at your latter end;
John 18:40	Then cried they all again, saying, Not this man, but Barabbas. Now Barabbas was a robber.
Psalm 18:19	He brought me forth also into a large place; he delivered me, because he delighted in me.
Ezekiel 17:10	Yes, behold, being planted, shall it prosper? shall it not utterly wither, when the east wind touches it? it shall wither in the furrows where it grew.
Acts 16:10	And after he had seen the vision, immediately we endeavored to go into Macedonia, assuredly gathering that the Lord had called us for to preach the gospel to them.
1 Timothy 3:14	These things write I to you, hoping to come to you shortly:
Jeremiah 16:4	They shall die of grievous deaths; they shall not be lamented; neither shall they be buried; but they shall be as dung on the face of the earth: and they shall be consumed by the sword, and by famine; and their carcasses shall be meat for the fowls of heaven, and for the beasts of the earth.
Amos 8:9	And it shall come to pass in that day, said the Lord GOD, that I will cause the sun to go down at noon, and I will darken the earth in the clear day:
Acts 3:2	And a certain man lame from his mother’s womb was carried, whom they laid daily at the gate of the temple which is called Beautiful, to ask alms of them that entered into the temple;
Job 5:27	See this, we have searched it, so it is; hear it, and know you it for your good.
Psalm 105:42	For he remembered his holy promise, and Abraham his servant.
Acts 20:16	For Paul had determined to sail by Ephesus, because he would not spend the time in Asia: for he hurried, if it were possible for him, to be at Jerusalem the day of Pentecost.
Acts 11:10	And this was done three times: and all were drawn up again into heaven.
1 Samuel 26:24	And, behold, as your life was much set by this day in my eyes, so let my life be much set by in the eyes of the LORD, and let him deliver me out of all tribulation.
Jeremiah 2:5	Thus said the LORD, What iniquity have your fathers found in me, that they are gone far from me, and have walked after vanity, and are become vain?
Jeremiah 52:7	Then the city was broken up, and all the men of war fled, and went forth out of the city by night by the way of the gate between the two walls, which was by the king’s garden; (now the Chaldeans were by the city round about:) and they went by the way of the plain.
Proverbs 17:23	A wicked man takes a gift out of the bosom to pervert the ways of judgment.
1 Chronicles 4:22	And Jokim, and the men of Chozeba, and Joash, and Saraph, who had the dominion in Moab, and Jashubilehem. And these are ancient things.
Joshua 15:35	Jarmuth, and Adullam, Socoh, and Azekah,
Acts 5:29	Then Peter and the other apostles answered and said, We ought to obey God rather than men.
Psalm 18:23	I was also upright before him, and I kept myself from my iniquity.
Genesis 8:12	And he stayed yet other seven days; and sent forth the dove; which returned not again to him any more.
Romans 14:16	Let not then your good be evil spoken of:
Psalm 147:8	Who covers the heaven with clouds, who prepares rain for the earth, who makes grass to grow on the mountains.
Isaiah 13:12	I will make a man more precious than fine gold; even a man than the golden wedge of Ophir.
Luke 20:13	Then said the lord of the vineyard, What shall I do? I will send my beloved son: it may be they will reverence him when they see him.
Ezekiel 16:2	Son of man, cause Jerusalem to know her abominations,
Psalm 140:12	I know that the LORD will maintain the cause of the afflicted, and the right of the poor.
Leviticus 23:23	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Psalm 119:59	I thought on my ways, and turned my feet to your testimonies.
2 Samuel 13:35	And Jonadab said to the king, Behold, the king’s sons come: as your servant said, so it is.
Jeremiah 29:25	Thus speaks the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, saying, Because you have sent letters in your name to all the people that are at Jerusalem, and to Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest, and to all the priests, saying,
Zechariah 10:3	My anger was kindled against the shepherds, and I punished the goats: for the LORD of hosts has visited his flock the house of Judah, and has made them as his goodly horse in the battle.
Deuteronomy 17:8	If there arise a matter too hard for you in judgment, between blood and blood, between plea and plea, and between stroke and stroke, being matters of controversy within your gates: then shall you arise, and get you up into the place which the LORD your God shall choose;
Hebrews 10:35	Cast not away therefore your confidence, which has great recompense of reward.
Genesis 44:21	And you said to your servants, Bring him down to me, that I may set my eyes on him.
Jeremiah 11:12	Then shall the cities of Judah and inhabitants of Jerusalem go, and cry to the gods to whom they offer incense: but they shall not save them at all in the time of their trouble.
Exodus 21:2	If you buy an Hebrew servant, six years he shall serve: and in the seventh he shall go out free for nothing.
Amos 7:15	And the LORD took me as I followed the flock, and the LORD said to me, Go, prophesy to my people Israel.
Genesis 27:44	And tarry with him a few days, until your brother’s fury turn away;
Amos 5:8	Seek him that makes the seven stars and Orion, and turns the shadow of death into the morning, and makes the day dark with night: that calls for the waters of the sea, and pours them out on the face of the earth: The LORD is his name:
Psalm 33:15	He fashions their hearts alike; he considers all their works.
Matthew 11:23	And you, Capernaum, which are exalted to heaven, shall be brought down to hell: for if the mighty works, which have been done in you, had been done in Sodom, it would have remained until this day.
Proverbs 5:2	That you may regard discretion, and that your lips may keep knowledge.
1 Chronicles 8:37	And Moza begat Binea: Rapha was his son, Eleasah his son, Azel his son:
Judges 6:2	And the hand of Midian prevailed against Israel: and because of the Midianites the children of Israel made them the dens which are in the mountains, and caves, and strong holds.
Jeremiah 28:17	So Hananiah the prophet died the same year in the seventh month.
Psalm 78:35	And they remembered that God was their rock, and the high God their redeemer.
Judges 16:29	And Samson took hold of the two middle pillars on which the house stood, and on which it was borne up, of the one with his right hand, and of the other with his left.
1 Kings 13:22	But came back, and have eaten bread and drunk water in the place, of the which the Lord did say to you, Eat no bread, and drink no water; your carcass shall not come to the sepulcher of your fathers.
1 Kings 7:22	And on the top of the pillars was lily work: so was the work of the pillars finished.
Psalm 25:17	The troubles of my heart are enlarged: O bring you me out of my distresses.
Job 24:3	They drive away the ass of the fatherless, they take the widow’s ox for a pledge.
2 Chronicles 9:22	And king Solomon passed all the kings of the earth in riches and wisdom.
2 Chronicles 22:5	He walked also after their counsel, and went with Jehoram the son of Ahab king of Israel to war against Hazael king of Syria at Ramothgilead: and the Syrians smote Joram.
Jeremiah 15:16	Your words were found, and I did eat them; and your word was to me the joy and rejoicing of my heart: for I am called by your name, O LORD God of hosts.
Exodus 34:21	Six days you shall work, but on the seventh day you shall rest: in ripening time and in harvest you shall rest.
Genesis 19:11	And they smote the men that were at the door of the house with blindness, both small and great: so that they wearied themselves to find the door.
Deuteronomy 13:6	If your brother, the son of your mother, or your son, or your daughter, or the wife of your bosom, or your friend, which is as your own soul, entice you secretly, saying, Let us go and serve other gods, which you have not known, you, nor your fathers;
Luke 13:22	And he went through the cities and villages, teaching, and journeying toward Jerusalem.
John 7:51	Does our law judge any man, before it hear him, and know what he does?
2 Samuel 12:23	But now he is dead, why should I fast? can I bring him back again? I shall go to him, but he shall not return to me.
John 6:55	For my flesh is meat indeed, and my blood is drink indeed.
Psalm 78:30	They were not estranged from their lust. But while their meat was yet in their mouths,
Numbers 33:18	And they departed from Hazeroth, and pitched in Rithmah.
Revelation 18:16	And saying, Alas, alas that great city, that was clothed in fine linen, and purple, and scarlet, and decked with gold, and precious stones, and pearls!
2 Chronicles 10:1	And Rehoboam went to Shechem: for to Shechem were all Israel come to make him king.
Daniel 8:10	And it waxed great, even to the host of heaven; and it cast down some of the host and of the stars to the ground, and stamped on them.
Proverbs 16:25	There is a way that seems right to a man, but the end thereof are the ways of death.
Song of Solomon 7:6	How fair and how pleasant are you, O love, for delights!
Job 21:13	They spend their days in wealth, and in a moment go down to the grave.
Ezekiel 27:36	The merchants among the people shall hiss at you; you shall be a terror, and never shall be any more.
Ezekiel 16:57	Before your wickedness was discovered, as at the time of your reproach of the daughters of Syria, and all that are round about her, the daughters of the Philistines, which despise you round about.
Ezekiel 27:19	Dan also and Javan going to and fro occupied in your fairs: bright iron, cassia, and calamus, were in your market.
Job 14:4	Who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean? not one.
Proverbs 6:9	How long will you sleep, O sluggard? when will you arise out of your sleep?
Mark 1:31	And he came and took her by the hand, and lifted her up; and immediately the fever left her, and she ministered to them.
Jeremiah 48:26	Make you him drunken: for he magnified himself against the LORD: Moab also shall wallow in his vomit, and he also shall be in derision.
Genesis 27:26	And his father Isaac said to him, Come near now, and kiss me, my son.
Genesis 30:10	And Zilpah Leah’s maid bore Jacob a son.
Exodus 39:11	And the second row, an emerald, a sapphire, and a diamond.
Numbers 1:18	And they assembled all the congregation together on the first day of the second month, and they declared their pedigrees after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, by their polls.
Job 13:4	But you are forgers of lies, you are all physicians of no value.
Jeremiah 52:1	Zedekiah was one and twenty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem. And his mother’s name was Hamutal the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.
Malachi 1:8	And if you offer the blind for sacrifice, is it not evil? and if you offer the lame and sick, is it not evil? offer it now to your governor; will he be pleased with you, or accept your person? said the LORD of hosts.
1 Corinthians 15:26	The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death.
Exodus 9:18	Behold, to morrow about this time I will cause it to rain a very grievous hail, such as has not been in Egypt since the foundation thereof even until now.
Amos 7:12	Also Amaziah said to Amos, O you seer, go, flee you away into the land of Judah, and there eat bread, and prophesy there:
1 Corinthians 9:12	If others be partakers of this power over you, are not we rather? Nevertheless we have not used this power; but suffer all things, lest we should hinder the gospel of Christ.
2 Kings 21:24	And the people of the land slew all them that had conspired against king Amon; and the people of the land made Josiah his son king in his stead.
Genesis 28:8	And Esau seeing that the daughters of Canaan pleased not Isaac his father;
Numbers 32:30	But if they will not pass over with you armed, they shall have possessions among you in the land of Canaan.
Genesis 34:27	The sons of Jacob came on the slain, and spoiled the city, because they had defiled their sister.
Psalm 78:29	So they did eat, and were well filled: for he gave them their own desire;
Genesis 41:28	This is the thing which I have spoken to Pharaoh: What God is about to do he shows to Pharaoh.
1 Chronicles 6:38	The son of Izhar, the son of Kohath, the son of Levi, the son of Israel.
Revelation 8:11	And the name of the star is called Wormwood: and the third part of the waters became wormwood; and many men died of the waters, because they were made bitter.
Genesis 44:7	And they said to him, Why said my lord these words? God forbid that your servants should do according to this thing:
Isaiah 1:28	And the destruction of the transgressors and of the sinners shall be together, and they that forsake the LORD shall be consumed.
Genesis 16:1	Now Sarai Abram’s wife bore him no children: and she had an handmaid, an Egyptian, whose name was Hagar.
Esther 8:4	Then the king held out the golden scepter toward Esther. So Esther arose, and stood before the king,
Matthew 19:29	And every one that has forsaken houses, or brothers, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name’s sake, shall receive an hundred times, and shall inherit everlasting life.
Isaiah 9:2	The people that walked in darkness have seen a great light: they that dwell in the land of the shadow of death, on them has the light shined.
1 Samuel 4:14	And when Eli heard the noise of the crying, he said, What means the noise of this tumult? And the man came in hastily, and told Eli.
Numbers 32:31	And the children of Gad and the children of Reuben answered, saying, As the LORD has said to your servants, so will we do.
1 Samuel 13:8	And he tarried seven days, according to the set time that Samuel had appointed: but Samuel came not to Gilgal; and the people were scattered from him.
Proverbs 30:9	Lest I be full, and deny you, and say, Who is the LORD? or lest I be poor, and steal, and take the name of my God in vain.
Matthew 28:7	And go quickly, and tell his disciples that he is risen from the dead; and, behold, he goes before you into Galilee; there shall you see him: see, I have told you.
Mark 2:17	When Jesus heard it, he said to them, They that are whole have no need of the physician, but they that are sick: I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.
Job 33:9	I am clean without transgression, I am innocent; neither is there iniquity in me.
1 Samuel 16:10	Again, Jesse made seven of his sons to pass before Samuel. And Samuel said to Jesse, The LORD has not chosen these.
Numbers 18:19	All the heave offerings of the holy things, which the children of Israel offer to the LORD, have I given you, and your sons and your daughters with you, by a statute for ever: it is a covenant of salt for ever before the LORD to you and to your seed with you.
Genesis 33:17	And Jacob journeyed to Succoth, and built him an house, and made booths for his cattle: therefore the name of the place is called Succoth.
Matthew 8:13	And Jesus said to the centurion, Go your way; and as you have believed, so be it done to you. And his servant was healed in the selfsame hour.
Exodus 18:9	And Jethro rejoiced for all the goodness which the LORD had done to Israel, whom he had delivered out of the hand of the Egyptians.
Psalm 59:4	They run and prepare themselves without my fault: awake to help me, and behold.
Exodus 23:33	They shall not dwell in your land, lest they make you sin against me: for if you serve their gods, it will surely be a snare to you.
Numbers 15:37	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 26:14	These are the families of the Simeonites, twenty and two thousand and two hundred.
Genesis 26:8	And it came to pass, when he had been there a long time, that Abimelech king of the Philistines looked out at a window, and saw, and, behold, Isaac was sporting with Rebekah his wife.
Exodus 32:35	And the LORD plagued the people, because they made the calf, which Aaron made.
Ecclesiastes 5:16	And this also is a sore evil, that in all points as he came, so shall he go: and what profit has he that has labored for the wind?
Psalm 106:35	But were mingled among the heathen, and learned their works.
Zechariah 14:11	And men shall dwell in it, and there shall be no more utter destruction; but Jerusalem shall be safely inhabited.
Job 37:7	He seals up the hand of every man; that all men may know his work.
Jeremiah 47:7	How can it be quiet, seeing the LORD has given it a charge against Ashkelon, and against the sea shore? there has he appointed it.
John 9:12	Then said they to him, Where is he? He said, I know not.
Joshua 2:20	And if you utter this our business, then we will be quit of your oath which you have made us to swear.
Deuteronomy 2:3	You have compassed this mountain long enough: turn you northward.
Proverbs 1:24	Because I have called, and you refused; I have stretched out my hand, and no man regarded;
Revelation 2:4	Nevertheless I have somewhat against you, because you have left your first love.
Leviticus 24:10	And the son of an Israelitish woman, whose father was an Egyptian, went out among the children of Israel: and this son of the Israelitish woman and a man of Israel strove together in the camp;
Mark 14:44	And he that betrayed him had given them a token, saying, Whomsoever I shall kiss, that same is he; take him, and lead him away safely.
Isaiah 13:17	Behold, I will stir up the Medes against them, which shall not regard silver; and as for gold, they shall not delight in it.
Revelation 14:8	And there followed another angel, saying, Babylon is fallen, is fallen, that great city, because she made all nations drink of the wine of the wrath of her fornication.
Numbers 18:23	But the Levites shall do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation, and they shall bear their iniquity: it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations, that among the children of Israel they have no inheritance.
Romans 8:14	For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God.
Ezekiel 30:1	The word of the LORD came again to me, saying,
Ephesians 2:22	In whom you also are built together for an habitation of God through the Spirit.
Psalm 41:5	My enemies speak evil of me, When shall he die, and his name perish?
2 Chronicles 31:11	Then Hezekiah commanded to prepare chambers in the house of the LORD; and they prepared them,
2 Chronicles 22:4	Why he did evil in the sight of the LORD like the house of Ahab: for they were his counsellors after the death of his father to his destruction.
Nehemiah 10:18	Hodijah, Hashum, Bezai,
Psalm 58:5	Which will not listen to the voice of charmers, charming never so wisely.
Genesis 19:32	Come, let us make our father drink wine, and we will lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father.
Matthew 12:36	But I say to you, That every idle word that men shall speak, they shall give account thereof in the day of judgment.
2 Chronicles 8:18	And Huram sent him by the hands of his servants ships, and servants that had knowledge of the sea; and they went with the servants of Solomon to Ophir, and took there four hundred and fifty talents of gold, and brought them to king Solomon.
Matthew 27:29	And when they had platted a crown of thorns, they put it on his head, and a reed in his right hand: and they bowed the knee before him, and mocked him, saying, Hail, King of the Jews!
Matthew 6:23	But if your eye be evil, your whole body shall be full of darkness. If therefore the light that is in you be darkness, how great is that darkness!
Exodus 20:7	You shall not take the name of the LORD your God in vain; for the LORD will not hold him guiltless that takes his name in vain.
Luke 13:15	The Lord then answered him, and said, You hypocrite, does not each one of you on the sabbath loose his ox or his ass from the stall, and lead him away to watering?
2 Samuel 24:1	And again the anger of the LORD was kindled against Israel, and he moved David against them to say, Go, number Israel and Judah.
Numbers 26:26	Of the sons of Zebulun after their families: of Sered, the family of the Sardites: of Elon, the family of the Elonites: of Jahleel, the family of the Jahleelites.
Judges 21:17	And they said, There must be an inheritance for them that be escaped of Benjamin, that a tribe be not destroyed out of Israel.
2 Chronicles 20:15	And he said, Listen you, all Judah, and you inhabitants of Jerusalem, and you king Jehoshaphat, Thus said the LORD to you, Be not afraid nor dismayed by reason of this great multitude; for the battle is not yours, but God’s.
Matthew 13:55	Is not this the carpenter’s son? is not his mother called Mary? and his brothers, James, and Joses, and Simon, and Judas?
Numbers 6:4	All the days of his separation shall he eat nothing that is made of the vine tree, from the kernels even to the husk.
Daniel 8:9	And out of one of them came forth a little horn, which waxed exceeding great, toward the south, and toward the east, and toward the pleasant land.
Isaiah 32:9	Rise up, you women that are at ease; hear my voice, you careless daughters; give ear to my speech.
Hebrews 7:15	And it is yet far more evident: for that after the similitude of Melchisedec there rises another priest,
Revelation 16:16	And he gathered them together into a place called in the Hebrew tongue Armageddon.
2 Kings 23:10	And he defiled Topheth, which is in the valley of the children of Hinnom, that no man might make his son or his daughter to pass through the fire to Molech.
Jeremiah 23:15	Therefore thus said the LORD of hosts concerning the prophets; Behold, I will feed them with wormwood, and make them drink the water of gall: for from the prophets of Jerusalem is profaneness gone forth into all the land.
Isaiah 2:11	The lofty looks of man shall be humbled, and the haughtiness of men shall be bowed down, and the LORD alone shall be exalted in that day.
Isaiah 26:6	The foot shall tread it down, even the feet of the poor, and the steps of the needy.
Exodus 13:17	And it came to pass, when Pharaoh had let the people go, that God led them not through the way of the land of the Philistines, although that was near; for God said, Lest peradventure the people repent when they see war, and they return to Egypt:
Genesis 6:8	But Noah found grace in the eyes of the LORD.
Mark 12:25	For when they shall rise from the dead, they neither marry, nor are given in marriage; but are as the angels which are in heaven.
Luke 16:26	And beside all this, between us and you there is a great gulf fixed: so that they which would pass from hence to you cannot; neither can they pass to us, that would come from there.
Romans 5:5	And hope makes not ashamed; because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given to us.
John 5:2	Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool, which is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda, having five porches.
Nehemiah 9:22	Moreover you gave them kingdoms and nations, and did divide them into corners: so they possessed the land of Sihon, and the land of the king of Heshbon, and the land of Og king of Bashan.
Genesis 25:4	And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Hanoch, and Abidah, and Eldaah. All these were the children of Keturah.
Numbers 1:5	And these are the names of the men that shall stand with you: of the tribe of Reuben; Elizur the son of Shedeur.
Acts 4:26	The kings of the earth stood up, and the rulers were gathered together against the Lord, and against his Christ.
Isaiah 5:22	Woe to them that are mighty to drink wine, and men of strength to mingle strong drink:
Leviticus 26:46	These are the statutes and judgments and laws, which the LORD made between him and the children of Israel in mount Sinai by the hand of Moses.
2 John 1:13	The children of your elect sister greet you. Amen.
Ecclesiastes 4:3	Yes, better is he than both they, which has not yet been, who has not seen the evil work that is done under the sun.
Deuteronomy 7:11	You shall therefore keep the commandments, and the statutes, and the judgments, which I command you this day, to do them.
Exodus 40:35	And Moses was not able to enter into the tent of the congregation, because the cloud stayed thereon, and the glory of the LORD filled the tabernacle.
Ezekiel 30:20	And it came to pass in the eleventh year, in the first month, in the seventh day of the month, that the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Deuteronomy 22:18	And the elders of that city shall take that man and chastise him;
Jeremiah 11:22	Therefore thus said the LORD of hosts, Behold, I will punish them: the young men shall die by the sword; their sons and their daughters shall die by famine:
Ezekiel 40:5	And behold a wall on the outside of the house round about, and in the man’s hand a measuring reed of six cubits long by the cubit and an hand breadth: so he measured the breadth of the building, one reed; and the height, one reed.
Judges 3:6	And they took their daughters to be their wives, and gave their daughters to their sons, and served their gods.
Job 23:10	But he knows the way that I take: when he has tried me, I shall come forth as gold.
Ezekiel 2:10	And he spread it before me; and it was written within and without: and there was written therein lamentations, and mourning, and woe.
Proverbs 22:16	He that oppresses the poor to increase his riches, and he that gives to the rich, shall surely come to want.
Exodus 34:32	And afterward all the children of Israel came near: and he gave them in commandment all that the LORD had spoken with him in mount Sinai.
Hebrews 10:1	For the law having a shadow of good things to come, and not the very image of the things, can never with those sacrifices which they offered year by year continually make the comers thereunto perfect.
Romans 1:7	To all that be in Rome, beloved of God, called to be saints: Grace to you and peace from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Ezekiel 24:6	Why thus said the Lord GOD; Woe to the bloody city, to the pot whose scum is therein, and whose scum is not gone out of it! bring it out piece by piece; let no lot fall on it.
2 Samuel 21:11	And it was told David what Rizpah the daughter of Aiah, the concubine of Saul, had done.
Exodus 2:12	And he looked this way and that way, and when he saw that there was no man, he slew the Egyptian, and hid him in the sand.
2 Chronicles 2:7	Send me now therefore a man cunning to work in gold, and in silver, and in brass, and in iron, and in purple, and crimson, and blue, and that can skill to grave with the cunning men that are with me in Judah and in Jerusalem, whom David my father did provide.
Leviticus 6:13	The fire shall ever be burning on the altar; it shall never go out.
2 Chronicles 2:2	And Solomon told out three score and ten thousand men to bear burdens, and fourscore thousand to hew in the mountain, and three thousand and six hundred to oversee them.
Revelation 7:5	Of the tribe of Juda were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Reuben were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Gad were sealed twelve thousand.
Ephesians 5:15	See then that you walk circumspectly, not as fools, but as wise,
1 Chronicles 1:49	And when Shaul was dead, Baalhanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead.
Lamentations 1:3	Judah is gone into captivity because of affliction, and because of great servitude: she dwells among the heathen, she finds no rest: all her persecutors overtook her between the straits.
Psalm 37:33	The LORD will not leave him in his hand, nor condemn him when he is judged.
Luke 13:7	Then said he to the dresser of his vineyard, Behold, these three years I come seeking fruit on this fig tree, and find none: cut it down; why encumbers it the ground?
Genesis 37:29	And Reuben returned to the pit; and, behold, Joseph was not in the pit; and he rent his clothes.
Isaiah 16:6	We have heard of the pride of Moab; he is very proud: even of his haughtiness, and his pride, and his wrath: but his lies shall not be so.
Deuteronomy 19:10	That innocent blood be not shed in your land, which the LORD your God gives you for an inheritance, and so blood be on you.
John 15:24	If I had not done among them the works which none other man did, they had not had sin: but now have they both seen and hated both me and my Father.
Jeremiah 44:20	Then Jeremiah said to all the people, to the men, and to the women, and to all the people which had given him that answer, saying,
Proverbs 11:31	Behold, the righteous shall be recompensed in the earth: much more the wicked and the sinner.
Genesis 34:5	And Jacob heard that he had defiled Dinah his daughter: now his sons were with his cattle in the field: and Jacob held his peace until they were come.
Job 4:12	Now a thing was secretly brought to me, and my ear received a little thereof.
Jeremiah 14:3	And their nobles have sent their little ones to the waters: they came to the pits, and found no water; they returned with their vessels empty; they were ashamed and confounded, and covered their heads.
Ezekiel 30:15	And I will pour my fury on Sin, the strength of Egypt; and I will cut off the multitude of No.
1 Corinthians 15:35	But some man will say, How are the dead raised up? and with what body do they come?
Isaiah 19:7	The paper reeds by the brooks, by the mouth of the brooks, and every thing sown by the brooks, shall wither, be driven away, and be no more.
2 Kings 13:13	And Joash slept with his fathers; and Jeroboam sat on his throne: and Joash was buried in Samaria with the kings of Israel.
Genesis 9:27	God shall enlarge Japheth, and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant.
Psalm 73:22	So foolish was I, and ignorant: I was as a beast before you.
Job 14:7	For there is hope of a tree, if it be cut down, that it will sprout again, and that the tender branch thereof will not cease.
Song of Solomon 4:7	You are all fair, my love; there is no spot in you.
Psalm 67:4	O let the nations be glad and sing for joy: for you shall judge the people righteously, and govern the nations on earth. Selah.
1 Chronicles 1:48	And when Samlah was dead, Shaul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead.
2 Chronicles 34:23	And she answered them, Thus said the LORD God of Israel, Tell you the man that sent you to me,
2 Kings 16:19	Now the rest of the acts of Ahaz which he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Jeremiah 51:64	And you shall say, Thus shall Babylon sink, and shall not rise from the evil that I will bring on her: and they shall be weary. Thus far are the words of Jeremiah.
Habakkuk 1:15	They take up all of them with the angle, they catch them in their net, and gather them in their drag: therefore they rejoice and are glad.
Exodus 30:25	And you shall make it an oil of holy ointment, an ointment compound after the are of the apothecary: it shall be an holy anointing oil.
Leviticus 8:27	And he put all on Aaron’s hands, and on his sons’ hands, and waved them for a wave offering before the LORD.
Deuteronomy 27:11	And Moses charged the people the same day, saying,
Deuteronomy 11:3	And his miracles, and his acts, which he did in the middle of Egypt to Pharaoh the king of Egypt, and to all his land;
1 Chronicles 28:1	And David assembled all the princes of Israel, the princes of the tribes, and the captains of the companies that ministered to the king by course, and the captains over the thousands, and captains over the hundreds, and the stewards over all the substance and possession of the king, and of his sons, with the officers, and with the mighty men, and with all the valiant men, to Jerusalem.
Numbers 29:24	Their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:
Leviticus 25:4	But in the seventh year shall be a sabbath of rest to the land, a sabbath for the LORD: you shall neither sow your field, nor prune your vineyard.
Romans 8:8	So then they that are in the flesh cannot please God.
1 Corinthians 9:9	For it is written in the law of Moses, You shall not muzzle the mouth of the ox that treads out the corn. Does God take care for oxen?
John 6:29	Jesus answered and said to them, This is the work of God, that you believe on him whom he has sent.
Mark 11:16	And would not suffer that any man should carry any vessel through the temple.
Judges 6:14	And the LORD looked on him, and said, Go in this your might, and you shall save Israel from the hand of the Midianites: have not I sent you?
Proverbs 24:10	If you faint in the day of adversity, your strength is small.
Isaiah 45:9	Woe to him that strives with his Maker! Let the potsherd strive with the potsherds of the earth. Shall the clay say to him that fashions it, What make you? or your work, He has no hands?
Proverbs 31:1	The words of king Lemuel, the prophecy that his mother taught him.
Numbers 3:41	And you shall take the Levites for me (I am the LORD) instead of all the firstborn among the children of Israel; and the cattle of the Levites instead of all the firstborn among the cattle of the children of Israel.
Acts 9:33	And there he found a certain man named Aeneas, which had kept his bed eight years, and was sick of the palsy.
Mark 8:32	And he spoke that saying openly. And Peter took him, and began to rebuke him.
2 Kings 20:15	And he said, What have they seen in your house? And Hezekiah answered, All the things that are in my house have they seen: there is nothing among my treasures that I have not showed them.
2 Kings 25:25	But it came to pass in the seventh month, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, the son of Elishama, of the seed royal, came, and ten men with him, and smote Gedaliah, that he died, and the Jews and the Chaldees that were with him at Mizpah.
Galatians 1:12	For I neither received it of man, neither was I taught it, but by the revelation of Jesus Christ.
Numbers 10:9	And if you go to war in your land against the enemy that oppresses you, then you shall blow an alarm with the trumpets; and you shall be remembered before the LORD your God, and you shall be saved from your enemies.
Matthew 25:22	He also that had received two talents came and said, Lord, you delivered to me two talents: behold, I have gained two other talents beside them.
2 Samuel 13:1	And it came to pass after this, that Absalom the son of David had a fair sister, whose name was Tamar; and Amnon the son of David loved her.
John 2:9	When the ruler of the feast had tasted the water that was made wine, and knew not from where it was: (but the servants which drew the water knew;) the governor of the feast called the bridegroom,
John 10:25	Jesus answered them, I told you, and you believed not: the works that I do in my Father’s name, they bear witness of me.
Exodus 40:28	And he set up the hanging at the door of the tabernacle.
Leviticus 24:5	And you shall take fine flour, and bake twelve cakes thereof: two tenth deals shall be in one cake.
Isaiah 9:5	For every battle of the warrior is with confused noise, and garments rolled in blood; but this shall be with burning and fuel of fire.
John 19:4	Pilate therefore went forth again, and said to them, Behold, I bring him forth to you, that you may know that I find no fault in him.
Luke 19:44	And shall lay you even with the ground, and your children within you; and they shall not leave in you one stone on another; because you knew not the time of your visitation.
Jeremiah 28:16	Therefore thus said the LORD; Behold, I will cast you from off the face of the earth: this year you shall die, because you have taught rebellion against the LORD.
Galatians 2:2	And I went up by revelation, and communicated to them that gospel which I preach among the Gentiles, but privately to them which were of reputation, lest by any means I should run, or had run, in vain.
Acts 27:31	Paul said to the centurion and to the soldiers, Except these abide in the ship, you cannot be saved.
Mark 6:42	And they did all eat, and were filled.
2 Chronicles 9:14	Beside that which chapmen and merchants brought. And all the kings of Arabia and governors of the country brought gold and silver to Solomon.
Genesis 22:16	And said, By myself have I sworn, said the LORD, for because you have done this thing, and have not withheld your son, your only son:
2 Chronicles 4:4	It stood on twelve oxen, three looking toward the north, and three looking toward the west, and three looking toward the south, and three looking toward the east: and the sea was set above on them, and all their hinder parts were inward.
Isaiah 30:27	Behold, the name of the LORD comes from far, burning with his anger, and the burden thereof is heavy: his lips are full of indignation, and his tongue as a devouring fire:
Exodus 15:15	Then the dukes of Edom shall be amazed; the mighty men of Moab, trembling shall take hold on them; all the inhabitants of Canaan shall melt away.
Numbers 18:15	Every thing that opens the matrix in all flesh, which they bring to the LORD, whether it be of men or beasts, shall be yours: nevertheless the firstborn of man shall you surely redeem, and the firstling of unclean beasts shall you redeem.
Genesis 35:2	Then Jacob said to his household, and to all that were with him, Put away the strange gods that are among you, and be clean, and change your garments:
Hebrews 8:10	For this is the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel after those days, said the Lord; I will put my laws into their mind, and write them in their hearts: and I will be to them a God, and they shall be to me a people:
Jeremiah 25:31	A noise shall come even to the ends of the earth; for the LORD has a controversy with the nations, he will plead with all flesh; he will give them that are wicked to the sword, said the LORD.
Hebrews 6:8	But that which bears thorns and briers is rejected, and is near to cursing; whose end is to be burned.
2 Thessalonians 3:17	The salutation of Paul with my own hand, which is the token in every letter: so I write.
Judges 20:12	And the tribes of Israel sent men through all the tribe of Benjamin, saying, What wickedness is this that is done among you?
Exodus 17:9	And Moses said to Joshua, Choose us out men, and go out, fight with Amalek: to morrow I will stand on the top of the hill with the rod of God in my hand.
Joshua 10:18	And Joshua said, Roll great stones on the mouth of the cave, and set men by it for to keep them:
Acts 10:17	Now while Peter doubted in himself what this vision which he had seen should mean, behold, the men which were sent from Cornelius had made enquiry for Simon’s house, and stood before the gate,
Mark 16:4	And when they looked, they saw that the stone was rolled away: for it was very great.
2 Chronicles 9:28	And they brought to Solomon horses out of Egypt, and out of all lands.
Luke 2:24	And to offer a sacrifice according to that which is said in the law of the Lord, A pair of turtledoves, or two young pigeons.
Psalm 109:31	For he shall stand at the right hand of the poor, to save him from those that condemn his soul.
Acts 23:7	And when he had so said, there arose a dissension between the Pharisees and the Sadducees: and the multitude was divided.
Nehemiah 10:9	And the Levites: both Jeshua the son of Azaniah, Binnui of the sons of Henadad, Kadmiel;
1 Chronicles 29:4	Even three thousand talents of gold, of the gold of Ophir, and seven thousand talents of refined silver, to overlay the walls of the houses with:
Jeremiah 2:24	A wild ass used to the wilderness, that snuffs up the wind at her pleasure; in her occasion who can turn her away? all they that seek her will not weary themselves; in her month they shall find her.
Ruth 4:11	And all the people that were in the gate, and the elders, said, We are witnesses. The LORD make the woman that is come into your house like Rachel and like Leah, which two did build the house of Israel: and do you worthily in Ephratah, and be famous in Bethlehem:
Ezekiel 5:5	Thus said the Lord GOD; This is Jerusalem: I have set it in the middle of the nations and countries that are round about her.
Jeremiah 23:28	The prophet that has a dream, let him tell a dream; and he that has my word, let him speak my word faithfully. What is the chaff to the wheat? said the LORD.
Jeremiah 32:34	But they set their abominations in the house, which is called by my name, to defile it.
Romans 14:9	For to this end Christ both died, and rose, and revived, that he might be Lord both of the dead and living.
Proverbs 7:23	Till a dart strike through his liver; as a bird hastens to the snare, and knows not that it is for his life.
Numbers 18:29	Out of all your gifts you shall offer every heave offering of the LORD, of all the best thereof, even the hallowed part thereof out of it.
2 Samuel 7:27	For you, O LORD of hosts, God of Israel, have revealed to your servant, saying, I will build you an house: therefore has your servant found in his heart to pray this prayer to you.
2 Peter 1:13	Yes, I think it meet, as long as I am in this tabernacle, to stir you up by putting you in remembrance;
Job 31:1	I made a covenant with my eyes; why then should I think on a maid?
Ezekiel 4:4	Lie you also on your left side, and lay the iniquity of the house of Israel on it: according to the number of the days that you shall lie on it you shall bear their iniquity.
Ezekiel 46:8	And when the prince shall enter, he shall go in by the way of the porch of that gate, and he shall go forth by the way thereof.
2 Chronicles 33:3	For he built again the high places which Hezekiah his father had broken down, and he reared up altars for Baalim, and made groves, and worshipped all the host of heaven, and served them.
Deuteronomy 25:9	Then shall his brother’s wife come to him in the presence of the elders, and loose his shoe from off his foot, and spit in his face, and shall answer and say, So shall it be done to that man that will not build up his brother’s house.
John 7:33	Then said Jesus to them, Yet a little while am I with you, and then I go to him that sent me.
Amos 7:7	Thus he showed me: and, behold, the LORD stood on a wall made by a plumb line, with a plumb line in his hand.
Daniel 7:3	And four great beasts came up from the sea, diverse one from another.
Judges 1:31	Neither did Asher drive out the inhabitants of Accho, nor the inhabitants of Zidon, nor of Ahlab, nor of Achzib, nor of Helbah, nor of Aphik, nor of Rehob:
Psalm 78:31	The wrath of God came on them, and slew the fattest of them, and smote down the chosen men of Israel.
Job 29:18	Then I said, I shall die in my nest, and I shall multiply my days as the sand.
Acts 7:29	Then fled Moses at this saying, and was a stranger in the land of Madian, where he begat two sons.
Psalm 5:12	For you, LORD, will bless the righteous; with favor will you compass him as with a shield.
Deuteronomy 16:3	You shall eat no leavened bread with it; seven days shall you eat unleavened bread therewith, even the bread of affliction; for you came forth out of the land of Egypt in haste: that you may remember the day when you came forth out of the land of Egypt all the days of your life.
Leviticus 23:40	And you shall take you on the first day the boughs of goodly trees, branches of palm trees, and the boughs of thick trees, and willows of the brook; and you shall rejoice before the LORD your God seven days.
Ezekiel 19:10	Your mother is like a vine in your blood, planted by the waters: she was fruitful and full of branches by reason of many waters.
1 Chronicles 9:23	So they and their children had the oversight of the gates of the house of the LORD, namely, the house of the tabernacle, by wards.
Philippians 1:22	But if I live in the flesh, this is the fruit of my labor: yet what I shall choose I know not.
Exodus 28:24	And you shall put the two wreathen chains of gold in the two rings which are on the ends of the breastplate.
Zechariah 9:5	Ashkelon shall see it, and fear; Gaza also shall see it, and be very sorrowful, and Ekron; for her expectation shall be ashamed; and the king shall perish from Gaza, and Ashkelon shall not be inhabited.
Daniel 11:23	And after the league made with him he shall work deceitfully: for he shall come up, and shall become strong with a small people.
Genesis 4:22	And Zillah, she also bore Tubalcain, an instructor of every artificer in brass and iron: and the sister of Tubalcain was Naamah.
Matthew 5:9	Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God.
Leviticus 4:21	And he shall carry forth the bullock without the camp, and burn him as he burned the first bullock: it is a sin offering for the congregation.
Isaiah 43:6	I will say to the north, Give up; and to the south, Keep not back: bring my sons from far, and my daughters from the ends of the earth;
Jeremiah 18:16	To make their land desolate, and a perpetual hissing; every one that passes thereby shall be astonished, and wag his head.
Genesis 27:5	And Rebekah heard when Isaac spoke to Esau his son. And Esau went to the field to hunt for venison, and to bring it.
Joshua 7:25	And Joshua said, Why have you troubled us? the LORD shall trouble you this day. And all Israel stoned him with stones, and burned them with fire, after they had stoned them with stones.
1 Chronicles 25:7	So the number of them, with their brothers that were instructed in the songs of the LORD, even all that were cunning, was two hundred fourscore and eight.
Numbers 26:4	Take the sum of the people, from twenty years old and upward; as the LORD commanded Moses and the children of Israel, which went forth out of the land of Egypt.
1 Corinthians 14:22	Why tongues are for a sign, not to them that believe, but to them that believe not: but prophesying serves not for them that believe not, but for them which believe.
1 John 3:9	Whoever is born of God does not commit sin; for his seed remains in him: and he cannot sin, because he is born of God.
Jeremiah 10:4	They deck it with silver and with gold; they fasten it with nails and with hammers, that it move not.
3 John 1:13	I had many things to write, but I will not with ink and pen write to you:
Jeremiah 51:44	And I will punish Bel in Babylon, and I will bring forth out of his mouth that which he has swallowed up: and the nations shall not flow together any more to him: yes, the wall of Babylon shall fall.
2 Samuel 24:8	So when they had gone through all the land, they came to Jerusalem at the end of nine months and twenty days.
John 12:29	The people therefore, that stood by, and heard it, said that it thundered: others said, An angel spoke to him.
Zechariah 8:8	And I will bring them, and they shall dwell in the middle of Jerusalem: and they shall be my people, and I will be their God, in truth and in righteousness.
Hebrews 7:7	And without all contradiction the less is blessed of the better.
Acts 27:15	And when the ship was caught, and could not bear up into the wind, we let her drive.
Acts 4:19	But Peter and John answered and said to them, Whether it be right in the sight of God to listen to you more than to God, judge you.
Mark 7:17	And when he was entered into the house from the people, his disciples asked him concerning the parable.
1 Kings 8:34	Then hear you in heaven, and forgive the sin of your people Israel, and bring them again to the land which you gave to their fathers.
John 21:19	This spoke he, signifying by what death he should glorify God. And when he had spoken this, he said to him, Follow me.
1 Kings 2:9	Now therefore hold him not guiltless: for you are a wise man, and know what you ought to do to him; but his hoar head bring you down to the grave with blood.
Genesis 48:2	And one told Jacob, and said, Behold, your son Joseph comes to you: and Israel strengthened himself, and sat on the bed.
Psalm 44:10	You make us to turn back from the enemy: and they which hate us spoil for themselves.
2 Samuel 1:12	And they mourned, and wept, and fasted until even, for Saul, and for Jonathan his son, and for the people of the LORD, and for the house of Israel; because they were fallen by the sword.
Genesis 34:9	And make you marriages with us, and give your daughters to us, and take our daughters to you.
Jeremiah 21:5	And I myself will fight against you with an outstretched hand and with a strong arm, even in anger, and in fury, and in great wrath.
Judges 20:28	And Phinehas, the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron, stood before it in those days,) saying, Shall I yet again go out to battle against the children of Benjamin my brother, or shall I cease? And the LORD said, Go up; for to morrow I will deliver them into your hand.
Numbers 33:39	And Aaron was an hundred and twenty and three years old when he died in mount Hor.
Zechariah 7:8	And the word of the LORD came to Zechariah, saying,
Psalm 137:2	We hanged our harps on the willows in the middle thereof.
Acts 14:17	Nevertheless he left not himself without witness, in that he did good, and gave us rain from heaven, and fruitful seasons, filling our hearts with food and gladness.
Psalm 139:15	My substance was not hid from you, when I was made in secret, and curiously worked in the lowest parts of the earth.
Jeremiah 14:1	The word of the LORD that came to Jeremiah concerning the dearth.
Genesis 32:32	Therefore the children of Israel eat not of the sinew which shrank, which is on the hollow of the thigh, to this day: because he touched the hollow of Jacob’s thigh in the sinew that shrank.
Hebrews 4:8	For if Jesus had given them rest, then would he not afterward have spoken of another day.
Acts 21:17	And when we were come to Jerusalem, the brothers received us gladly.
1 Timothy 5:11	But the younger widows refuse: for when they have begun to wax wanton against Christ, they will marry;
Romans 12:19	Dearly beloved, avenge not yourselves, but rather give place to wrath: for it is written, Vengeance is mine; I will repay, said the Lord.
Psalm 37:38	But the transgressors shall be destroyed together: the end of the wicked shall be cut off.
Ezekiel 3:21	Nevertheless if you warn the righteous man, that the righteous sin not, and he does not sin, he shall surely live, because he is warned; also you have delivered your soul.
Luke 9:39	And, see, a spirit takes him, and he suddenly cries out; and it tears him that he foams again, and bruising him hardly departs from him.
Numbers 33:9	And they removed from Marah, and came to Elim: and in Elim were twelve fountains of water, and three score and ten palm trees; and they pitched there.
Joshua 6:26	And Joshua adjured them at that time, saying, Cursed be the man before the LORD, that rises up and builds this city Jericho: he shall lay the foundation thereof in his firstborn, and in his youngest son shall he set up the gates of it.
Ecclesiastes 4:5	The fool folds his hands together, and eats his own flesh.
Job 39:16	She is hardened against her young ones, as though they were not her’s: her labor is in vain without fear;
1 Samuel 2:19	Moreover his mother made him a little coat, and brought it to him from year to year, when she came up with her husband to offer the yearly sacrifice.
Psalm 112:10	The wicked shall see it, and be grieved; he shall gnash with his teeth, and melt away: the desire of the wicked shall perish.
Isaiah 30:5	They were all ashamed of a people that could not profit them, nor be an help nor profit, but a shame, and also a reproach.
Jeremiah 21:9	He that stays in this city shall die by the sword, and by the famine, and by the pestilence: but he that goes out, and falls to the Chaldeans that besiege you, he shall live, and his life shall be to him for a prey.
Nehemiah 11:12	And their brothers that did the work of the house were eight hundred twenty and two: and Adaiah the son of Jeroham, the son of Pelaliah, the son of Amzi, the son of Zechariah, the son of Pashur, the son of Malchiah.
Hebrews 11:9	By faith he sojourned in the land of promise, as in a strange country, dwelling in tabernacles with Isaac and Jacob, the heirs with him of the same promise:
2 Kings 22:14	So Hilkiah the priest, and Ahikam, and Achbor, and Shaphan, and Asahiah, went to Huldah the prophetess, the wife of Shallum the son of Tikvah, the son of Harhas, keeper of the wardrobe; (now she dwelled in Jerusalem in the college;) and they communed with her.
Revelation 11:1	And there was given me a reed like to a rod: and the angel stood, saying, Rise, and measure the temple of God, and the altar, and them that worship therein.
Malachi 1:13	You said also, Behold, what a weariness is it! and you have snuffed at it, said the LORD of hosts; and you brought that which was torn, and the lame, and the sick; thus you brought an offering: should I accept this of your hand? said the LORD.
Obadiah 1:19	And they of the south shall possess the mount of Esau; and they of the plain the Philistines: and they shall possess the fields of Ephraim, and the fields of Samaria: and Benjamin shall possess Gilead.
Luke 5:22	But when Jesus perceived their thoughts, he answering said to them, What reason you in your hearts?
Nahum 2:8	But Nineveh is of old like a pool of water: yet they shall flee away. Stand, stand, shall they cry; but none shall look back.
Exodus 25:27	Over against the border shall the rings be for places of the staves to bear the table.
2 Chronicles 29:24	And the priests killed them, and they made reconciliation with their blood on the altar, to make an atonement for all Israel: for the king commanded that the burnt offering and the sin offering should be made for all Israel.
Hosea 13:10	I will be your king: where is any other that may save you in all your cities? and your judges of whom you said, Give me a king and princes?
Isaiah 40:16	And Lebanon is not sufficient to burn, nor the beasts thereof sufficient for a burnt offering.
Romans 2:2	But we are sure that the judgment of God is according to truth against them which commit such things.
Genesis 36:38	And Saul died, and Baalhanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead.
1 Samuel 7:13	So the Philistines were subdued, and they came no more into the coast of Israel: and the hand of the LORD was against the Philistines all the days of Samuel.
Esther 5:14	Then said Zeresh his wife and all his friends to him, Let a gallows be made of fifty cubits high, and to morrow speak you to the king that Mordecai may be hanged thereon: then go you in merrily with the king to the banquet. And the thing pleased Haman; and he caused the gallows to be made.
Colossians 4:15	Salute the brothers which are in Laodicea, and Nymphas, and the church which is in his house.
Joshua 10:6	And the men of Gibeon sent to Joshua to the camp to Gilgal, saying, Slack not your hand from your servants; come up to us quickly, and save us, and help us: for all the kings of the Amorites that dwell in the mountains are gathered together against us.
Genesis 41:20	And the lean and the ill favored cows did eat up the first seven fat cows:
John 12:2	There they made him a supper; and Martha served: but Lazarus was one of them that sat at the table with him.
Nehemiah 7:73	So the priests, and the Levites, and the porters, and the singers, and some of the people, and the Nethinims, and all Israel, dwelled in their cities; and when the seventh month came, the children of Israel were in their cities.
1 Chronicles 9:17	And the porters were, Shallum, and Akkub, and Talmon, and Ahiman, and their brothers: Shallum was the chief;
Colossians 1:23	If you continue in the faith grounded and settled, and be not moved away from the hope of the gospel, which you have heard, and which was preached to every creature which is under heaven; whereof I Paul am made a minister;
Ezekiel 17:11	Moreover the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
1 Thessalonians 4:8	He therefore that despises, despises not man, but God, who has also given to us his holy Spirit.
Leviticus 23:31	You shall do no manner of work: it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations in all your dwellings.
Ezekiel 43:15	So the altar shall be four cubits; and from the altar and upward shall be four horns.
Habakkuk 1:5	Behold you among the heathen, and regard, and wonder marvelously: for I will work a work in your days which you will not believe, though it be told you.
Romans 4:18	Who against hope believed in hope, that he might become the father of many nations, according to that which was spoken, So shall your seed be.
Leviticus 7:11	And this is the law of the sacrifice of peace offerings, which he shall offer to the LORD.
Haggai 2:17	I smote you with blasting and with mildew and with hail in all the labors of your hands; yet you turned not to me, said the LORD.
Matthew 21:31	Whether of them two did the will of his father? They say to him, The first. Jesus said to them, Truly I say to you, That the publicans and the harlots go into the kingdom of God before you.
Jeremiah 29:6	Take you wives, and beget sons and daughters; and take wives for your sons, and give your daughters to husbands, that they may bear sons and daughters; that you may be increased there, and not diminished.
Genesis 22:4	Then on the third day Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw the place afar off.
Jeremiah 29:2	(After that Jeconiah the king, and the queen, and the eunuchs, the princes of Judah and Jerusalem, and the carpenters, and the smiths, were departed from Jerusalem;)
Leviticus 25:40	But as an hired servant, and as a sojourner, he shall be with you, and shall serve you to the year of jubilee.
2 Kings 22:13	Go you, inquire of the LORD for me, and for the people, and for all Judah, concerning the words of this book that is found: for great is the wrath of the LORD that is kindled against us, because our fathers have not listened to the words of this book, to do according to all that which is written concerning us.
Romans 12:18	If it be possible, as much as lies in you, live peaceably with all men.
Luke 17:12	And as he entered into a certain village, there met him ten men that were lepers, which stood afar off:
Psalm 66:10	For you, O God, have proved us: you have tried us, as silver is tried.
Ecclesiastes 10:9	Whoever removes stones shall be hurt therewith; and he that splits wood shall be endangered thereby.
Exodus 3:3	And Moses said, I will now turn aside, and see this great sight, why the bush is not burnt.
Proverbs 29:22	An angry man stirs up strife, and a furious man abounds in transgression.
Genesis 43:10	For except we had lingered, surely now we had returned this second time.
Isaiah 57:11	And of whom have you been afraid or feared, that you have lied, and have not remembered me, nor laid it to your heart? have not I held my peace even of old, and you fear me not?
Psalm 148:10	Beasts, and all cattle; creeping things, and flying fowl:
Exodus 29:43	And there I will meet with the children of Israel, and the tabernacle shall be sanctified by my glory.
2 Chronicles 31:21	And in every work that he began in the service of the house of God, and in the law, and in the commandments, to seek his God, he did it with all his heart, and prospered.
Numbers 2:28	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were forty and one thousand and five hundred.
Judges 9:47	And it was told Abimelech, that all the men of the tower of Shechem were gathered together.
2 Chronicles 18:25	Then the king of Israel said, Take you Micaiah, and carry him back to Amon the governor of the city, and to Joash the king’s son;
Genesis 11:11	And Shem lived after he begat Arphaxad five hundred years, and begat sons and daughters.
Joshua 21:45	There failed not ought of any good thing which the LORD had spoken to the house of Israel; all came to pass.
1 Kings 16:5	Now the rest of the acts of Baasha, and what he did, and his might, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
1 Corinthians 14:2	For he that speaks in an unknown tongue speaks not to men, but to God: for no man understands him; however, in the spirit he speaks mysteries.
Leviticus 18:8	The nakedness of your father’s wife shall you not uncover: it is your father’s nakedness.
1 Corinthians 1:1	Paul called to be an apostle of Jesus Christ through the will of God, and Sosthenes our brother,
Job 34:4	Let us choose to us judgment: let us know among ourselves what is good.
Deuteronomy 34:3	And the south, and the plain of the valley of Jericho, the city of palm trees, to Zoar.
Psalm 122:5	For there are set thrones of judgment, the thrones of the house of David.
1 John 3:2	Beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it does not yet appear what we shall be: but we know that, when he shall appear, we shall be like him; for we shall see him as he is.
Jonah 2:3	For you had cast me into the deep, in the middle of the seas; and the floods compassed me about: all your billows and your waves passed over me.
Luke 3:38	Which was the son of Enos, which was the son of Seth, which was the son of Adam, which was the son of God.
Psalm 119:160	Your word is true from the beginning: and every one of your righteous judgments endures for ever.
Romans 1:9	For God is my witness, whom I serve with my spirit in the gospel of his Son, that without ceasing I make mention of you always in my prayers;
Leviticus 11:37	And if any part of their carcass fall on any sowing seed which is to be sown, it shall be clean.
John 18:8	Jesus answered, I have told you that I am he: if therefore you seek me, let these go their way:
2 Chronicles 23:2	And they went about in Judah, and gathered the Levites out of all the cities of Judah, and the chief of the fathers of Israel, and they came to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 36:4	And the king of Egypt made Eliakim his brother king over Judah and Jerusalem, and turned his name to Jehoiakim. And Necho took Jehoahaz his brother, and carried him to Egypt.
Numbers 30:16	These are the statutes, which the LORD commanded Moses, between a man and his wife, between the father and his daughter, being yet in her youth in her father’s house.
Leviticus 18:11	The nakedness of your father’s wife’s daughter, begotten of your father, she is your sister, you shall not uncover her nakedness.
2 Chronicles 30:14	And they arose and took away the altars that were in Jerusalem, and all the altars for incense took they away, and cast them into the brook Kidron.
Ezra 10:26	And of the sons of Elam; Mattaniah, Zechariah, and Jehiel, and Abdi, and Jeremoth, and Eliah.
1 Samuel 17:20	And David rose up early in the morning, and left the sheep with a keeper, and took, and went, as Jesse had commanded him; and he came to the trench, as the host was going forth to the fight, and shouted for the battle.
Psalm 25:11	For your name’s sake, O LORD, pardon my iniquity; for it is great.
2 Chronicles 22:8	And it came to pass, that, when Jehu was executing judgment on the house of Ahab, and found the princes of Judah, and the sons of the brothers of Ahaziah, that ministered to Ahaziah, he slew them.
Song of Solomon 3:7	Behold his bed, which is Solomon’s; three score valiant men are about it, of the valiant of Israel.
Ezekiel 46:14	And you shall prepare a meat offering for it every morning, the sixth part of an ephah, and the third part of an hin of oil, to temper with the fine flour; a meat offering continually by a perpetual ordinance to the LORD.
1 Kings 5:4	But now the LORD my God has given me rest on every side, so that there is neither adversary nor evil result.
Proverbs 10:20	The tongue of the just is as choice silver: the heart of the wicked is little worth.
Revelation 4:1	After this I looked, and, behold, a door was opened in heaven: and the first voice which I heard was as it were of a trumpet talking with me; which said, Come up here, and I will show you things which must be hereafter.
2 Samuel 19:12	You are my brothers, you are my bones and my flesh: why then are you the last to bring back the king?
Matthew 24:23	Then if any man shall say to you, See, here is Christ, or there; believe it not.
Isaiah 20:5	And they shall be afraid and ashamed of Ethiopia their expectation, and of Egypt their glory.
Judges 18:2	And the children of Dan sent of their family five men from their coasts, men of valor, from Zorah, and from Eshtaol, to spy out the land, and to search it; and they said to them, Go, search the land: who when they came to mount Ephraim, to the house of Micah, they lodged there.
1 Chronicles 25:1	Moreover David and the captains of the host separated to the service of the sons of Asaph, and of Heman, and of Jeduthun, who should prophesy with harps, with psalteries, and with cymbals: and the number of the workmen according to their service was:
Hebrews 13:9	Be not carried about with divers and strange doctrines. For it is a good thing that the heart be established with grace; not with meats, which have not profited them that have been occupied therein.
Isaiah 23:8	Who has taken this counsel against Tyre, the crowning city, whose merchants are princes, whose traffickers are the honorable of the earth?
1 Kings 4:26	And Solomon had forty thousand stalls of horses for his chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen.
Psalm 119:46	I will speak of your testimonies also before kings, and will not be ashamed.
Ezekiel 40:25	And there were windows in it and in the arches thereof round about, like those windows: the length was fifty cubits, and the breadth five and twenty cubits.
Hebrews 13:24	Salute all them that have the rule over you, and all the saints. They of Italy salute you.
Ruth 2:6	And the servant that was set over the reapers answered and said, It is the Moabitish damsel that came back with Naomi out of the country of Moab:
1 Thessalonians 5:1	But of the times and the seasons, brothers, you have no need that I write to you.
Jeremiah 22:3	Thus said the LORD; Execute you judgment and righteousness, and deliver the spoiled out of the hand of the oppressor: and do no wrong, do no violence to the stranger, the fatherless, nor the widow, neither shed innocent blood in this place.
Amos 5:20	Shall not the day of the LORD be darkness, and not light? even very dark, and no brightness in it?
Numbers 26:63	These are they that were numbered by Moses and Eleazar the priest, who numbered the children of Israel in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho.
Acts 19:40	For we are in danger to be called in question for this day’s uproar, there being no cause whereby we may give an account of this concourse.
Genesis 21:22	And it came to pass at that time, that Abimelech and Phichol the chief captain of his host spoke to Abraham, saying, God is with you in all that you do:
Isaiah 48:5	I have even from the beginning declared it to you; before it came to pass I showed it you: lest you should say, My idol has done them, and my graven image, and my molten image, has commanded them.
Deuteronomy 15:8	But you shall open your hand wide to him, and shall surely lend him sufficient for his need, in that which he wants.
Isaiah 19:11	Surely the princes of Zoan are fools, the counsel of the wise counsellors of Pharaoh is become brutish: how say you to Pharaoh, I am the son of the wise, the son of ancient kings?
1 Corinthians 7:25	Now concerning virgins I have no commandment of the Lord: yet I give my judgment, as one that has obtained mercy of the Lord to be faithful.
1 Chronicles 25:3	Of Jeduthun: the sons of Jeduthun; Gedaliah, and Zeri, and Jeshaiah, Hashabiah, and Mattithiah, six, under the hands of their father Jeduthun, who prophesied with a harp, to give thanks and to praise the LORD.
Exodus 36:32	And five bars for the boards of the other side of the tabernacle, and five bars for the boards of the tabernacle for the sides westward.
Genesis 31:20	And Jacob stole away unawares to Laban the Syrian, in that he told him not that he fled.
2 Chronicles 6:36	If they sin against you, (for there is no man which sins not,) and you be angry with them, and deliver them over before their enemies, and they carry them away captives to a land far off or near;
Mark 3:35	For whoever shall do the will of God, the same is my brother, and my sister, and mother.
Judges 4:11	Now Heber the Kenite, which was of the children of Hobab the father in law of Moses, had severed himself from the Kenites, and pitched his tent to the plain of Zaanaim, which is by Kedesh.
Ezekiel 6:9	And they that escape of you shall remember me among the nations where they shall be carried captives, because I am broken with their whorish heart, which has departed from me, and with their eyes, which go a whoring after their idols: and they shall loathe themselves for the evils which they have committed in all their abominations.
Hosea 3:5	Afterward shall the children of Israel return, and seek the LORD their God, and David their king; and shall fear the LORD and his goodness in the latter days.
Matthew 17:7	And Jesus came and touched them, and said, Arise, and be not afraid.
Colossians 2:21	(Touch not; taste not; handle not;
Psalm 73:5	They are not in trouble as other men; neither are they plagued like other men.
Acts 17:14	And then immediately the brothers sent away Paul to go as it were to the sea: but Silas and Timotheus stayed there still.
Isaiah 54:5	For your Maker is your husband; the LORD of hosts is his name; and your Redeemer the Holy One of Israel; The God of the whole earth shall he be called.
John 7:16	Jesus answered them, and said, My doctrine is not mine, but his that sent me.
1 Chronicles 7:16	And Maachah the wife of Machir bore a son, and she called his name Peresh; and the name of his brother was Sheresh; and his sons were Ulam and Rakem.
Acts 27:35	And when he had thus spoken, he took bread, and gave thanks to God in presence of them all: and when he had broken it, he began to eat.
Joshua 14:7	Forty years old was I when Moses the servant of the LORD sent me from Kadeshbarnea to espy out the land; and I brought him word again as it was in my heart.
Song of Solomon 2:13	The fig tree puts forth her green figs, and the vines with the tender grape give a good smell. Arise, my love, my fair one, and come away.
Genesis 6:13	And God said to Noah, The end of all flesh is come before me; for the earth is filled with violence through them; and, behold, I will destroy them with the earth.
1 Kings 15:19	There is a league between me and you, and between my father and your father: behold, I have sent to you a present of silver and gold; come and break your league with Baasha king of Israel, that he may depart from me.
Malachi 1:2	I have loved you, said the LORD. Yet you say, Wherein have you loved us? Was not Esau Jacob’s brother? said the LORD: yet I loved Jacob,
Mark 14:67	And when she saw Peter warming himself, she looked on him, and said, And you also were with Jesus of Nazareth.
Genesis 22:20	And it came to pass after these things, that it was told Abraham, saying, Behold, Milcah, she has also born children to your brother Nahor;
Ephesians 5:14	Why he said, Awake you that sleep, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give you light.
1 Kings 1:52	And Solomon said, If he will show himself a worthy man, there shall not an hair of him fall to the earth: but if wickedness shall be found in him, he shall die.
1 Peter 1:5	Who are kept by the power of God through faith to salvation ready to be revealed in the last time.
1 Chronicles 12:15	These are they that went over Jordan in the first month, when it had overflowed all his banks; and they put to flight all them of the valleys, both toward the east, and toward the west.
Joshua 9:14	And the men took of their victuals, and asked not counsel at the mouth of the LORD.
Isaiah 36:6	See, you trust in the staff of this broken reed, on Egypt; where on if a man lean, it will go into his hand, and pierce it: so is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all that trust in him.
Luke 23:45	And the sun was darkened, and the veil of the temple was rent in the middle.
Isaiah 40:12	Who has measured the waters in the hollow of his hand, and meted out heaven with the span, and comprehended the dust of the earth in a measure, and weighed the mountains in scales, and the hills in a balance?
Philippians 3:6	Concerning zeal, persecuting the church; touching the righteousness which is in the law, blameless.
Numbers 11:5	We remember the fish, which we did eat in Egypt freely; the cucumbers, and the melons, and the leeks, and the onions, and the garlic:
Daniel 2:29	As for you, O king, your thoughts came into your mind on your bed, what should come to pass hereafter: and he that reveals secrets makes known to you what shall come to pass.
Ezekiel 38:15	And you shall come from your place out of the north parts, you, and many people with you, all of them riding on horses, a great company, and a mighty army:
Amos 5:27	Therefore will I cause you to go into captivity beyond Damascus, said the LORD, whose name is The God of hosts.
Ezekiel 4:14	Then said I, Ah Lord GOD! behold, my soul has not been polluted: for from my youth up even till now have I not eaten of that which dies of itself, or is torn in pieces; neither came there abominable flesh into my mouth.
Isaiah 22:12	And in that day did the Lord GOD of hosts call to weeping, and to mourning, and to baldness, and to girding with sackcloth:
Proverbs 15:28	The heart of the righteous studies to answer: but the mouth of the wicked pours out evil things.
Romans 3:23	For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;
Ezekiel 32:32	For I have caused my terror in the land of the living: and he shall be laid in the middle of the uncircumcised with them that are slain with the sword, even Pharaoh and all his multitude, said the Lord GOD.
2 Chronicles 33:13	And prayed to him: and he was entreated of him, and heard his supplication, and brought him again to Jerusalem into his kingdom. Then Manasseh knew that the LORD he was God.
Psalm 116:12	What shall I render to the LORD for all his benefits toward me?
1 John 5:14	And this is the confidence that we have in him, that, if we ask any thing according to his will, he hears us:
Isaiah 37:14	And Hezekiah received the letter from the hand of the messengers, and read it: and Hezekiah went up to the house of the LORD, and spread it before the LORD.
Ezra 2:63	And the Tirshatha said to them, that they should not eat of the most holy things, till there stood up a priest with Urim and with Thummim.
Mark 12:9	What shall therefore the lord of the vineyard do? he will come and destroy the farmers, and will give the vineyard to others.
Deuteronomy 28:10	And all people of the earth shall see that you are called by the name of the LORD; and they shall be afraid of you.
Revelation 9:15	And the four angels were loosed, which were prepared for an hour, and a day, and a month, and a year, for to slay the third part of men.
Genesis 7:21	And all flesh died that moved on the earth, both of fowl, and of cattle, and of beast, and of every creeping thing that creeps on the earth, and every man:
Matthew 17:2	And was transfigured before them: and his face did shine as the sun, and his raiment was white as the light.
Joshua 19:19	And Haphraim, and Shihon, and Anaharath,
Galatians 1:17	Neither went I up to Jerusalem to them which were apostles before me; but I went into Arabia, and returned again to Damascus.
2 Peter 1:19	We have also a more sure word of prophecy; whereunto you do well that you take heed, as to a light that shines in a dark place, until the day dawn, and the day star arise in your hearts:
Leviticus 23:26	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Joshua 19:48	This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Dan according to their families, these cities with their villages.
1 Kings 9:8	And at this house, which is high, every one that passes by it shall be astonished, and shall hiss; and they shall say, Why has the LORD done thus to this land, and to this house?
Acts 4:9	If we this day be examined of the good deed done to the weak man, by what means he is made whole;
Mark 1:6	And John was clothed with camel’s hair, and with a girdle of a skin about his loins; and he did eat locusts and wild honey;
2 Samuel 2:29	And Abner and his men walked all that night through the plain, and passed over Jordan, and went through all Bithron, and they came to Mahanaim.
Exodus 37:19	Three bowls made after the fashion of almonds in one branch, a bud and a flower; and three bowls made like almonds in another branch, a bud and a flower: so throughout the six branches going out of the candlestick.
Genesis 34:28	They took their sheep, and their oxen, and their asses, and that which was in the city, and that which was in the field,
Luke 9:49	And John answered and said, Master, we saw one casting out devils in your name; and we forbade him, because he follows not with us.
John 2:1	And the third day there was a marriage in Cana of Galilee; and the mother of Jesus was there:
Genesis 19:30	And Lot went up out of Zoar, and dwelled in the mountain, and his two daughters with him; for he feared to dwell in Zoar: and he dwelled in a cave, he and his two daughters.
Psalm 75:4	I said to the fools, Deal not foolishly: and to the wicked, Lift not up the horn:
Deuteronomy 23:25	When you come into the standing corn of your neighbor, then you may pluck the ears with your hand; but you shall not move a sickle to your neighbor’s standing corn.
Galatians 5:11	And I, brothers, if I yet preach circumcision, why do I yet suffer persecution? then is the offense of the cross ceased.
Genesis 11:2	And it came to pass, as they journeyed from the east, that they found a plain in the land of Shinar; and they dwelled there.
Genesis 41:50	And to Joseph were born two sons before the years of famine came, which Asenath the daughter of Potipherah priest of On bore to him.
Jeremiah 36:4	Then Jeremiah called Baruch the son of Neriah: and Baruch wrote from the mouth of Jeremiah all the words of the LORD, which he had spoken to him, on a roll of a book.
2 Chronicles 29:31	Then Hezekiah answered and said, Now you have consecrated yourselves to the LORD, come near and bring sacrifices and thank offerings into the house of the LORD. And the congregation brought in sacrifices and thank offerings; and as many as were of a free heart burnt offerings.
Luke 2:16	And they came with haste, and found Mary, and Joseph, and the babe lying in a manger.
Exodus 36:22	One board had two tenons, equally distant one from another: thus did he make for all the boards of the tabernacle.
Revelation 6:7	And when he had opened the fourth seal, I heard the voice of the fourth beast say, Come and see.
John 8:58	Jesus said to them, Truly, truly, I say to you, Before Abraham was, I am.
Psalm 134:2	Lift up your hands in the sanctuary, and bless the LORD.
Mark 7:14	And when he had called all the people to him, he said to them, Listen to me every one of you, and understand:
2 Corinthians 13:13	All the saints salute you.
Mark 2:16	And when the scribes and Pharisees saw him eat with publicans and sinners, they said to his disciples, How is it that he eats and drinks with publicans and sinners?
Exodus 8:28	And Pharaoh said, I will let you go, that you may sacrifice to the LORD your God in the wilderness; only you shall not go very far away: entreat for me.
John 18:19	The high priest then asked Jesus of his disciples, and of his doctrine.
Acts 17:3	Opening and alleging, that Christ must needs have suffered, and risen again from the dead; and that this Jesus, whom I preach to you, is Christ.
2 Chronicles 25:26	Now the rest of the acts of Amaziah, first and last, behold, are they not written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel?
Genesis 17:4	As for me, behold, my covenant is with you, and you shall be a father of many nations.
Mark 8:2	I have compassion on the multitude, because they have now been with me three days, and have nothing to eat:
Proverbs 21:5	The thoughts of the diligent tend only to plenty; but of every one that is hasty only to want.
Numbers 35:25	And the congregation shall deliver the slayer out of the hand of the revenger of blood, and the congregation shall restore him to the city of his refuge, where he was fled: and he shall abide in it to the death of the high priest, which was anointed with the holy oil.
2 Samuel 3:3	And his second, Chileab, of Abigail the wife of Nabal the Carmelite; and the third, Absalom the son of Maacah the daughter of Talmai king of Geshur;
Ezekiel 8:15	Then said he to me, Have you seen this, O son of man? turn you yet again, and you shall see greater abominations than these.
Exodus 28:2	And you shall make holy garments for Aaron your brother for glory and for beauty.
Revelation 22:10	And he said to me, Seal not the sayings of the prophecy of this book: for the time is at hand.
Jeremiah 25:36	A voice of the cry of the shepherds, and an howling of the principal of the flock, shall be heard: for the LORD has spoiled their pasture.
Job 29:16	I was a father to the poor: and the cause which I knew not I searched out.
Isaiah 65:3	A people that provokes me to anger continually to my face; that sacrifices in gardens, and burns incense on altars of brick;
2 Chronicles 16:13	And Asa slept with his fathers, and died in the one and fortieth year of his reign.
Leviticus 23:39	Also in the fifteenth day of the seventh month, when you have gathered in the fruit of the land, you shall keep a feast to the LORD seven days: on the first day shall be a sabbath, and on the eighth day shall be a sabbath.
Matthew 19:1	And it came to pass, that when Jesus had finished these sayings, he departed from Galilee, and came into the coasts of Judaea beyond Jordan;
1 Samuel 30:27	To them which were in Bethel, and to them which were in south Ramoth, and to them which were in Jattir,
Galatians 3:3	Are you so foolish? having begun in the Spirit, are you now made perfect by the flesh?
Ezekiel 27:34	In the time when you shall be broken by the seas in the depths of the waters your merchandise and all your company in the middle of you shall fall.
Genesis 46:34	That you shall say, Your servants’ trade has been about cattle from our youth even until now, both we, and also our fathers: that you may dwell in the land of Goshen; for every shepherd is an abomination to the Egyptians.
Proverbs 8:35	For whoever finds me finds life, and shall obtain favor of the LORD.
Ezekiel 12:20	And the cities that are inhabited shall be laid waste, and the land shall be desolate; and you shall know that I am the LORD.
2 Samuel 16:4	Then said the king to Ziba, Behold, your are all that pertained to Mephibosheth. And Ziba said, I humbly beseech you that I may find grace in your sight, my lord, O king.
Proverbs 17:18	A man void of understanding strikes hands, and becomes surety in the presence of his friend.
Jeremiah 1:11	Moreover the word of the LORD came to me, saying, Jeremiah, what see you? And I said, I see a rod of an almond tree.
Judges 2:2	And you shall make no league with the inhabitants of this land; you shall throw down their altars: but you have not obeyed my voice: why have you done this?
John 11:57	Now both the chief priests and the Pharisees had given a commandment, that, if any man knew where he were, he should show it, that they might take him.
Genesis 23:17	And the field of Ephron which was in Machpelah, which was before Mamre, the field, and the cave which was therein, and all the trees that were in the field, that were in all the borders round about, were made sure
Matthew 24:36	But of that day and hour knows no man, no, not the angels of heaven, but my Father only.
Job 21:22	Shall any teach God knowledge? seeing he judges those that are high.
Luke 15:9	And when she has found it, she calls her friends and her neighbors together, saying, Rejoice with me; for I have found the piece which I had lost.
Ezekiel 23:11	And when her sister Aholibah saw this, she was more corrupt in her inordinate love than she, and in her prostitutions more than her sister in her prostitutions.
Numbers 26:16	Of Ozni, the family of the Oznites: of Eri, the family of the Erites:
Numbers 14:11	And the LORD said to Moses, How long will this people provoke me? and how long will it be ere they believe me, for all the signs which I have showed among them?
2 Chronicles 7:1	Now when Solomon had made an end of praying, the fire came down from heaven, and consumed the burnt offering and the sacrifices; and the glory of the LORD filled the house.
Revelation 11:12	And they heard a great voice from heaven saying to them, Come up here. And they ascended up to heaven in a cloud; and their enemies beheld them.
John 9:8	The neighbors therefore, and they which before had seen him that he was blind, said, Is not this he that sat and begged?
Proverbs 23:26	My son, give me your heart, and let your eyes observe my ways.
Exodus 23:23	For my Angel shall go before you, and bring you in to the Amorites, and the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Canaanites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites: and I will cut them off.
1 Kings 16:6	So Baasha slept with his fathers, and was buried in Tirzah: and Elah his son reigned in his stead.
Jeremiah 24:5	Thus said the LORD, the God of Israel; Like these good figs, so will I acknowledge them that are carried away captive of Judah, whom I have sent out of this place into the land of the Chaldeans for their good.
2 Samuel 15:26	But if he thus say, I have no delight in you; behold, here am I, let him do to me as seems good to him.
Luke 1:65	And fear came on all that dwelled round about them: and all these sayings were noised abroad throughout all the hill country of Judaea.
Revelation 8:7	The first angel sounded, and there followed hail and fire mingled with blood, and they were cast on the earth: and the third part of trees was burnt up, and all green grass was burnt up.
2 Kings 15:21	And the rest of the acts of Menahem, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
Song of Solomon 1:11	We will make you borders of gold with studs of silver.
Job 23:14	For he performes the thing that is appointed for me: and many such things are with him.
1 Samuel 13:12	Therefore said I, The Philistines will come down now on me to Gilgal, and I have not made supplication to the LORD: I forced myself therefore, and offered a burnt offering.
Psalm 21:9	You shall make them as a fiery oven in the time of your anger: the LORD shall swallow them up in his wrath, and the fire shall devour them.
2 Samuel 11:9	But Uriah slept at the door of the king’s house with all the servants of his lord, and went not down to his house.
Isaiah 8:11	For the LORD spoke thus to me with a strong hand, and instructed me that I should not walk in the way of this people, saying,
Psalm 121:3	He will not suffer your foot to be moved: he that keeps you will not slumber.
Ezra 6:7	Let the work of this house of God alone; let the governor of the Jews and the elders of the Jews build this house of God in his place.
1 Corinthians 1:10	Now I beseech you, brothers, by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that you all speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among you; but that you be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment.
Matthew 15:35	And he commanded the multitude to sit down on the ground.
2 Kings 25:6	So they took the king, and brought him up to the king of Babylon to Riblah; and they gave judgment on him.
Luke 9:26	For whoever shall be ashamed of me and of my words, of him shall the Son of man be ashamed, when he shall come in his own glory, and in his Father’s, and of the holy angels.
Proverbs 18:14	The spirit of a man will sustain his infirmity; but a wounded spirit who can bear?
1 Kings 8:4	And they brought up the ark of the LORD, and the tabernacle of the congregation, and all the holy vessels that were in the tabernacle, even those did the priests and the Levites bring up.
Psalm 16:8	I have set the LORD always before me: because he is at my right hand, I shall not be moved.
Numbers 15:29	You shall have one law for him that sins through ignorance, both for him that is born among the children of Israel, and for the stranger that sojournes among them.
Psalm 36:5	Your mercy, O LORD, is in the heavens; and your faithfulness reaches to the clouds.
Hosea 2:14	Therefore, behold, I will allure her, and bring her into the wilderness, and speak comfortably to her.
Ezekiel 32:26	There is Meshech, Tubal, and all her multitude: her graves are round about him: all of them uncircumcised, slain by the sword, though they caused their terror in the land of the living.
Matthew 22:35	Then one of them, which was a lawyer, asked him a question, tempting him, and saying,
Psalm 116:18	I will pay my vows to the LORD now in the presence of all his people.
Psalm 51:5	Behold, I was shaped in iniquity; and in sin did my mother conceive me.
Judges 5:7	The inhabitants of the villages ceased, they ceased in Israel, until that I Deborah arose, that I arose a mother in Israel.
Judges 1:23	And the house of Joseph sent to descry Bethel. (Now the name of the city before was Luz.)
2 Samuel 17:28	Brought beds, and basins, and earthen vessels, and wheat, and barley, and flour, and parched corn, and beans, and lentils, and parched vegetables,
Judges 12:6	Then said they to him, Say now Shibboleth: and he said Sibboleth: for he could not frame to pronounce it right. Then they took him, and slew him at the passages of Jordan: and there fell at that time of the Ephraimites forty and two thousand.
Deuteronomy 31:26	Take this book of the law, and put it in the side of the ark of the covenant of the LORD your God, that it may be there for a witness against you.
Psalm 9:1	I will praise you, O LORD, with my whole heart; I will show forth all your marvelous works.
1 Samuel 4:15	Now Eli was ninety and eight years old; and his eyes were dim, that he could not see.
Ezra 2:14	The children of Bigvai, two thousand fifty and six.
Luke 2:10	And the angel said to them, Fear not: for, behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people.
Joshua 4:11	And it came to pass, when all the people were clean passed over, that the ark of the LORD passed over, and the priests, in the presence of the people.
Revelation 18:24	And in her was found the blood of prophets, and of saints, and of all that were slain on the earth.
James 3:14	But if you have bitter envying and strife in your hearts, glory not, and lie not against the truth.
2 Samuel 5:20	And David came to Baalperazim, and David smote them there, and said, The LORD has broken forth on my enemies before me, as the breach of waters. Therefore he called the name of that place Baalperazim.
Titus 3:10	A man that is an heretic after the first and second admonition reject;
Esther 1:20	And when the king’s decree which he shall make shall be published throughout all his empire, (for it is great,) all the wives shall give to their husbands honor, both to great and small.
John 6:65	And he said, Therefore said I to you, that no man can come to me, except it were given to him of my Father.
Ezekiel 18:28	Because he considers, and turns away from all his transgressions that he has committed, he shall surely live, he shall not die.
Mark 8:7	And they had a few small fishes: and he blessed, and commanded to set them also before them.
Luke 23:25	And he released to them him that for sedition and murder was cast into prison, whom they had desired; but he delivered Jesus to their will.
Ezekiel 27:11	The men of Arvad with your army were on your walls round about, and the Gammadims were in your towers: they hanged their shields on your walls round about; they have made your beauty perfect.
Joshua 16:2	And goes out from Bethel to Luz, and passes along to the borders of Archi to Ataroth,
Leviticus 26:36	And on them that are left alive of you I will send a faintness into their hearts in the lands of their enemies; and the sound of a shaken leaf shall chase them; and they shall flee, as fleeing from a sword; and they shall fall when none pursues.
Nehemiah 5:15	But the former governors that had been before me were chargeable to the people, and had taken of them bread and wine, beside forty shekels of silver; yes, even their servants bore rule over the people: but so did not I, because of the fear of God.
Joel 2:6	Before their face the people shall be much pained: all faces shall gather blackness.
Deuteronomy 26:15	Look down from your holy habitation, from heaven, and bless your people Israel, and the land which you have given us, as you swore to our fathers, a land that flows with milk and honey.
Matthew 20:9	And when they came that were hired about the eleventh hour, they received every man a penny.
Deuteronomy 28:30	You shall betroth a wife, and another man shall lie with her: you shall build an house, and you shall not dwell therein: you shall plant a vineyard, and shall not gather the grapes thereof.
Psalm 42:7	Deep calls to deep at the noise of your waterspouts: all your waves and your billows are gone over me.
1 Chronicles 27:16	Furthermore over the tribes of Israel: the ruler of the Reubenites was Eliezer the son of Zichri: of the Simeonites, Shephatiah the son of Maachah:
Deuteronomy 12:27	And you shall offer your burnt offerings, the flesh and the blood, on the altar of the LORD your God: and the blood of your sacrifices shall be poured out on the altar of the LORD your God, and you shall eat the flesh.
Ezra 10:16	And the children of the captivity did so. And Ezra the priest, with certain chief of the fathers, after the house of their fathers, and all of them by their names, were separated, and sat down in the first day of the tenth month to examine the matter.
Psalm 68:8	The earth shook, the heavens also dropped at the presence of God: even Sinai itself was moved at the presence of God, the God of Israel.
Mark 14:62	And Jesus said, I am: and you shall see the Son of man sitting on the right hand of power, and coming in the clouds of heaven.
Jeremiah 12:17	But if they will not obey, I will utterly pluck up and destroy that nation, said the LORD.
Jeremiah 29:5	Build you houses, and dwell in them; and plant gardens, and eat the fruit of them;
Numbers 23:27	And Balak said to Balaam, Come, I pray you, I will bring you to another place; peradventure it will please God that you may curse me them from there.
Isaiah 34:12	They shall call the nobles thereof to the kingdom, but none shall be there, and all her princes shall be nothing.
Judges 3:31	And after him was Shamgar the son of Anath, which slew of the Philistines six hundred men with an ox goad: and he also delivered Israel.
1 Samuel 24:18	And you have showed this day how that you have dealt well with me: for as much as when the LORD had delivered me into your hand, you killed me not.
Numbers 1:20	And the children of Reuben, Israel’s oldest son, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, by their polls, every male from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Jeremiah 46:12	The nations have heard of your shame, and your cry has filled the land: for the mighty man has stumbled against the mighty, and they are fallen both together.
Mark 8:27	And Jesus went out, and his disciples, into the towns of Caesarea Philippi: and by the way he asked his disciples, saying to them, Whom do men say that I am?
2 Samuel 20:13	When he was removed out of the highway, all the people went on after Joab, to pursue after Sheba the son of Bichri.
Leviticus 21:21	No man that has a blemish of the seed of Aaron the priest shall come near to offer the offerings of the LORD made by fire: he has a blemish; he shall not come near to offer the bread of his God.
Job 34:23	For he will not lay on man more than right; that he should enter into judgment with God.
Romans 14:6	He that regards the day, regards it to the Lord; and he that regards not the day, to the Lord he does not regard it. He that eats, eats to the Lord, for he gives God thanks; and he that eats not, to the Lord he eats not, and gives God thanks.
Psalm 65:10	You water the ridges thereof abundantly: you settle the furrows thereof: you make it soft with showers: you bless the springing thereof.
2 Kings 4:35	Then he returned, and walked in the house to and fro; and went up, and stretched himself on him: and the child sneezed seven times, and the child opened his eyes.
Ezekiel 33:15	If the wicked restore the pledge, give again that he had robbed, walk in the statutes of life, without committing iniquity; he shall surely live, he shall not die.
Job 41:27	He esteems iron as straw, and brass as rotten wood.
Psalm 121:8	The LORD shall preserve your going out and your coming in from this time forth, and even for ever more.
2 Chronicles 20:20	And they rose early in the morning, and went forth into the wilderness of Tekoa: and as they went forth, Jehoshaphat stood and said, Hear me, O Judah, and you inhabitants of Jerusalem; Believe in the LORD your God, so shall you be established; believe his prophets, so shall you prosper.
1 Samuel 10:23	And they ran and fetched him there: and when he stood among the people, he was higher than any of the people from his shoulders and upward.
2 Kings 13:4	And Jehoahaz sought the LORD, and the LORD listened to him: for he saw the oppression of Israel, because the king of Syria oppressed them.
Acts 3:18	But those things, which God before had showed by the mouth of all his prophets, that Christ should suffer, he has so fulfilled.
Proverbs 13:7	There is that makes himself rich, yet has nothing: there is that makes himself poor, yet has great riches.
Joshua 19:36	And Adamah, and Ramah, and Hazor,
Proverbs 24:19	Fret not yourself because of evil men, neither be you envious at the wicked:
Luke 2:42	And when he was twelve years old, they went up to Jerusalem after the custom of the feast.
Exodus 4:13	And he said, O my LORD, send, I pray you, by the hand of him whom you will send.
1 Chronicles 20:4	And it came to pass after this, that there arose war at Gezer with the Philistines; at which time Sibbechai the Hushathite slew Sippai, that was of the children of the giant: and they were subdued.
Deuteronomy 10:13	To keep the commandments of the LORD, and his statutes, which I command you this day for your good?
Psalm 119:169	Let my cry come near before you, O LORD: give me understanding according to your word.
Exodus 34:10	And he said, Behold, I make a covenant: before all your people I will do marvels, such as have not been done in all the earth, nor in any nation: and all the people among which you are shall see the work of the LORD: for it is a terrible thing that I will do with you.
Genesis 12:8	And he removed from there to a mountain on the east of Bethel, and pitched his tent, having Bethel on the west, and Hai on the east: and there he built an altar to the LORD, and called on the name of the LORD.
Numbers 28:2	Command the children of Israel, and say to them, My offering, and my bread for my sacrifices made by fire, for a sweet smell to me, shall you observe to offer to me in their due season.
Leviticus 20:14	And if a man take a wife and her mother, it is wickedness: they shall be burnt with fire, both he and they; that there be no wickedness among you.
Acts 20:30	Also of your own selves shall men arise, speaking perverse things, to draw away disciples after them.
Joshua 17:6	Because the daughters of Manasseh had an inheritance among his sons: and the rest of Manasseh’s sons had the land of Gilead.
Numbers 31:11	And they took all the spoil, and all the prey, both of men and of beasts.
1 Chronicles 22:6	Then he called for Solomon his son, and charged him to build an house for the LORD God of Israel.
2 Kings 8:24	And Joram slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David: and Ahaziah his son reigned in his stead.
Job 9:17	For he breaks me with a tempest, and multiplies my wounds without cause.
Luke 21:15	For I will give you a mouth and wisdom, which all your adversaries shall not be able to gainsay nor resist.
Luke 18:26	And they that heard it said, Who then can be saved?
Job 28:23	God understands the way thereof, and he knows the place thereof.
Jeremiah 29:27	Now therefore why have you not reproved Jeremiah of Anathoth, which makes himself a prophet to you?
1 Peter 2:20	For what glory is it, if, when you be buffeted for your faults, you shall take it patiently? but if, when you do well, and suffer for it, you take it patiently, this is acceptable with God.
2 Chronicles 36:17	Therefore he brought on them the king of the Chaldees, who slew their young men with the sword in the house of their sanctuary, and had no compassion on young man or maiden, old man, or him that stooped for age: he gave them all into his hand.
Jeremiah 32:28	Therefore thus said the LORD; Behold, I will give this city into the hand of the Chaldeans, and into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, and he shall take it:
Leviticus 25:23	The land shall not be sold for ever: for the land is mine, for you are strangers and sojourners with me.
Jeremiah 26:4	And you shall say to them, Thus said the LORD; If you will not listen to me, to walk in my law, which I have set before you,
Acts 18:5	And when Silas and Timotheus were come from Macedonia, Paul was pressed in the spirit, and testified to the Jews that Jesus was Christ.
Matthew 12:2	But when the Pharisees saw it, they said to him, Behold, your disciples do that which is not lawful to do on the sabbath day.
1 Kings 18:32	And with the stones he built an altar in the name of the LORD: and he made a trench about the altar, as great as would contain two measures of seed.
Jeremiah 44:30	Thus said the LORD; Behold, I will give Pharaohhophra king of Egypt into the hand of his enemies, and into the hand of them that seek his life; as I gave Zedekiah king of Judah into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, his enemy, and that sought his life.
Leviticus 26:4	Then I will give you rain in due season, and the land shall yield her increase, and the trees of the field shall yield their fruit.
2 Thessalonians 2:16	Now our Lord Jesus Christ himself, and God, even our Father, which has loved us, and has given us everlasting consolation and good hope through grace,
1 Kings 17:20	And he cried to the LORD, and said, O LORD my God, have you also brought evil on the widow with whom I sojourn, by slaying her son?
Ezekiel 23:19	Yet she multiplied her prostitutions, in calling to remembrance the days of her youth, wherein she had played the harlot in the land of Egypt.
2 Kings 3:27	Then he took his oldest son that should have reigned in his stead, and offered him for a burnt offering on the wall. And there was great indignation against Israel: and they departed from him, and returned to their own land.
Ezekiel 21:3	And say to the land of Israel, Thus said the LORD; Behold, I am against you, and will draw forth my sword out of his sheath, and will cut off from you the righteous and the wicked.
2 Chronicles 29:6	For our fathers have trespassed, and done that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD our God, and have forsaken him, and have turned away their faces from the habitation of the LORD, and turned their backs.
1 Kings 3:19	And this woman’s child died in the night; because she overlaid it.
Ezekiel 33:33	And when this comes to pass, (see, it will come,) then shall they know that a prophet has been among them.
Ezekiel 44:25	And they shall come at no dead person to defile themselves: but for father, or for mother, or for son, or for daughter, for brother, or for sister that has had no husband, they may defile themselves.
Exodus 37:7	And he made two cherubim of gold, beaten out of one piece made he them, on the two ends of the mercy seat;
Jeremiah 22:6	For thus said the LORD to the king’s house of Judah; You are Gilead to me, and the head of Lebanon: yet surely I will make you a wilderness, and cities which are not inhabited.
Galatians 2:5	To whom we gave place by subjection, no, not for an hour; that the truth of the gospel might continue with you.
Esther 6:5	And the king’s servants said to him, Behold, Haman stands in the court. And the king said, Let him come in.
Matthew 8:22	But Jesus said to him, Follow me; and let the dead bury their dead.
Psalm 119:161	Princes have persecuted me without a cause: but my heart stands in awe of your word.
Isaiah 18:2	That sends ambassadors by the sea, even in vessels of bulrushes on the waters, saying, Go, you swift messengers, to a nation scattered and peeled, to a people terrible from their beginning till now; a nation meted out and trodden down, whose land the rivers have spoiled!
Jeremiah 50:5	They shall ask the way to Zion with their faces thitherward, saying, Come, and let us join ourselves to the LORD in a perpetual covenant that shall not be forgotten.
John 14:13	And whatever you shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son.
Daniel 3:15	Now if you be ready that at what time you hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and dulcimer, and all kinds of music, you fall down and worship the image which I have made; well: but if you worship not, you shall be cast the same hour into the middle of a burning fiery furnace; and who is that God that shall deliver you out of my hands?
2 Kings 7:18	And it came to pass as the man of God had spoken to the king, saying, Two measures of barley for a shekel, and a measure of fine flour for a shekel, shall be to morrow about this time in the gate of Samaria:
1 Samuel 16:9	Then Jesse made Shammah to pass by. And he said, Neither has the LORD chosen this.
Romans 7:23	But I see another law in my members, warring against the law of my mind, and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members.
Job 41:10	None is so fierce that dare stir him up: who then is able to stand before me?
Mark 16:16	He that believes and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believes not shall be damned.
Leviticus 15:16	And if any man’s seed of copulation go out from him, then he shall wash all his flesh in water, and be unclean until the even.
Matthew 20:11	And when they had received it, they murmured against the manager of the house,
1 Samuel 8:4	Then all the elders of Israel gathered themselves together, and came to Samuel to Ramah,
1 Kings 6:31	And for the entering of the oracle he made doors of olive tree: the lintel and side posts were a fifth part of the wall.
Ruth 1:2	And the name of the man was Elimelech, and the name of his wife Naomi, and the name of his two sons Mahlon and Chilion, Ephrathites of Bethlehemjudah. And they came into the country of Moab, and continued there.
Jeremiah 9:7	Therefore thus said the LORD of hosts, Behold, I will melt them, and try them; for how shall I do for the daughter of my people?
1 Chronicles 4:4	And Penuel the father of Gedor, and Ezer the father of Hushah. These are the sons of Hur, the firstborn of Ephratah, the father of Bethlehem.
Isaiah 49:3	And said to me, You are my servant, O Israel, in whom I will be glorified.
Proverbs 24:11	If you forbear to deliver them that are drawn to death, and those that are ready to be slain;
1 Corinthians 4:2	Moreover it is required in stewards, that a man be found faithful.
Jeremiah 13:9	Thus said the LORD, After this manner will I mar the pride of Judah, and the great pride of Jerusalem.
Acts 26:32	Then said Agrippa to Festus, This man might have been set at liberty, if he had not appealed to Caesar.
John 9:35	Jesus heard that they had cast him out; and when he had found him, he said to him, Do you believe on the Son of God?
Leviticus 16:25	And the fat of the sin offering shall he burn on the altar.
1 Chronicles 2:7	And the sons of Carmi; Achar, the troubler of Israel, who transgressed in the thing accursed.
Numbers 14:23	Surely they shall not see the land which I swore to their fathers, neither shall any of them that provoked me see it:
Acts 27:12	And because the haven was not commodious to winter in, the more part advised to depart there also, if by any means they might attain to Phenice, and there to winter; which is an haven of Crete, and lies toward the south west and north west.
Genesis 46:26	All the souls that came with Jacob into Egypt, which came out of his loins, besides Jacob’s sons’ wives, all the souls were three score and six;
Matthew 9:25	But when the people were put forth, he went in, and took her by the hand, and the maid arose.
Psalm 119:69	The proud have forged a lie against me: but I will keep your precepts with my whole heart.
1 Kings 4:12	Baana the son of Ahilud; to him pertained Taanach and Megiddo, and all Bethshean, which is by Zartanah beneath Jezreel, from Bethshean to Abelmeholah, even to the place that is beyond Jokneam:
Psalm 94:5	They break in pieces your people, O LORD, and afflict your heritage.
Luke 12:54	And he said also to the people, When you see a cloud rise out of the west, straightway you say, There comes a shower; and so it is.
1 Samuel 20:14	And you shall not only while yet I live show me the kindness of the LORD, that I die not:
2 Chronicles 23:8	So the Levites and all Judah did according to all things that Jehoiada the priest had commanded, and took every man his men that were to come in on the sabbath, with them that were to go out on the sabbath: for Jehoiada the priest dismissed not the courses.
Nehemiah 12:14	Of Melicu, Jonathan; of Shebaniah, Joseph;
Mark 7:29	And he said to her, For this saying go your way; the devil is gone out of your daughter.
Daniel 9:17	Now therefore, O our God, hear the prayer of your servant, and his supplications, and cause your face to shine on your sanctuary that is desolate, for the Lord’s sake.
1 Corinthians 6:16	What? know you not that he which is joined to an harlot is one body? for two, said he, shall be one flesh.
1 Chronicles 2:48	Maachah, Caleb’s concubine, bore Sheber, and Tirhanah.
2 Chronicles 30:23	And the whole assembly took counsel to keep other seven days: and they kept other seven days with gladness.
Proverbs 6:32	But whoever commits adultery with a woman lacks understanding: he that does it destroys his own soul.
Psalm 71:13	Let them be confounded and consumed that are adversaries to my soul; let them be covered with reproach and dishonor that seek my hurt.
Numbers 31:49	And they said to Moses, Your servants have taken the sum of the men of war which are under our charge, and there lacks not one man of us.
Job 12:19	He leads princes away spoiled, and overthrows the mighty.
Ecclesiastes 2:5	I made me gardens and orchards, and I planted trees in them of all kind of fruits:
Ecclesiastes 6:9	Better is the sight of the eyes than the wandering of the desire: this is also vanity and vexation of spirit.
Nehemiah 4:15	And it came to pass, when our enemies heard that it was known to us, and God had brought their counsel to nothing, that we returned all of us to the wall, every one to his work.
Genesis 35:23	The sons of Leah; Reuben, Jacob’s firstborn, and Simeon, and Levi, and Judah, and Issachar, and Zebulun:
Ezekiel 19:2	And say, What is your mother? A lioness: she lay down among lions, she nourished her whelps among young lions.
Galatians 4:21	Tell me, you that desire to be under the law, do you not hear the law?
Job 7:7	O remember that my life is wind: my eye shall no more see good.
1 Thessalonians 3:9	For what thanks can we render to God again for you, for all the joy with which we joy for your sakes before our God;
Mark 7:2	And when they saw some of his disciples eat bread with defiled, that is to say, with unwashed, hands, they found fault.
Romans 10:13	For whoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved.
Isaiah 49:19	For your waste and your desolate places, and the land of your destruction, shall even now be too narrow by reason of the inhabitants, and they that swallowed you up shall be far away.
Genesis 1:27	So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them.
John 4:2	(Though Jesus himself baptized not, but his disciples,)
Exodus 4:7	And he said, Put your hand into your bosom again. And he put his hand into his bosom again; and plucked it out of his bosom, and, behold, it was turned again as his other flesh.
Galatians 2:3	But neither Titus, who was with me, being a Greek, was compelled to be circumcised:
2 Kings 4:13	And he said to him, Say now to her, Behold, you have been careful for us with all this care; what is to be done for you? would you be spoken for to the king, or to the captain of the host? And she answered, I dwell among my own people.
Jeremiah 48:12	Therefore, behold, the days come, said the LORD, that I will send to him wanderers, that shall cause him to wander, and shall empty his vessels, and break their bottles.
Genesis 24:23	And said, Whose daughter are you? tell me, I pray you: is there room in your father’s house for us to lodge in?
Luke 19:43	For the days shall come on you, that your enemies shall cast a trench about you, and compass you round, and keep you in on every side,
Acts 13:12	Then the deputy, when he saw what was done, believed, being astonished at the doctrine of the Lord.
Jeremiah 32:36	And now therefore thus said the LORD, the God of Israel, concerning this city, whereof you say, It shall be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon by the sword, and by the famine, and by the pestilence;
1 Samuel 24:5	And it came to pass afterward, that David’s heart smote him, because he had cut off Saul’s skirt.
1 Chronicles 6:74	And out of the tribe of Asher; Mashal with her suburbs, and Abdon with her suburbs,
Judges 16:20	And she said, The Philistines be on you, Samson. And he awoke out of his sleep, and said, I will go out as at other times before, and shake myself. And he knew not that the LORD was departed from him.
Exodus 11:2	Speak now in the ears of the people, and let every man borrow of his neighbor, and every woman of her neighbor, jewels of silver and jewels of gold.
Romans 9:25	As he said also in Osee, I will call them my people, which were not my people; and her beloved, which was not beloved.
Matthew 23:11	But he that is greatest among you shall be your servant.
Mark 12:29	And Jesus answered him, The first of all the commandments is, Hear, O Israel; The Lord our God is one Lord:
Job 33:28	He will deliver his soul from going into the pit, and his life shall see the light.
2 Corinthians 11:23	Are they ministers of Christ? (I speak as a fool) I am more; in labors more abundant, in stripes above measure, in prisons more frequent, in deaths oft.
Jeremiah 18:21	Therefore deliver up their children to the famine, and pour out their blood by the force of the sword; and let their wives be bereaved of their children, and be widows; and let their men be put to death; let their young men be slain by the sword in battle.
Jeremiah 7:31	And they have built the high places of Tophet, which is in the valley of the son of Hinnom, to burn their sons and their daughters in the fire; which I commanded them not, neither came it into my heart.
Psalm 76:3	There broke he the arrows of the bow, the shield, and the sword, and the battle. Selah.
Psalm 32:9	Be you not as the horse, or as the mule, which have no understanding: whose mouth must be held in with bit and bridle, lest they come near to you.
John 15:27	And you also shall bear witness, because you have been with me from the beginning.
Mark 5:17	And they began to pray him to depart out of their coasts.
2 Samuel 22:45	Strangers shall submit themselves to me: as soon as they hear, they shall be obedient to me.
Joshua 17:1	There was also a lot for the tribe of Manasseh; for he was the firstborn of Joseph; to wit, for Machir the firstborn of Manasseh, the father of Gilead: because he was a man of war, therefore he had Gilead and Bashan.
Genesis 13:3	And he went on his journeys from the south even to Bethel, to the place where his tent had been at the beginning, between Bethel and Hai;
Jonah 4:2	And he prayed to the LORD, and said, I pray you, O LORD, was not this my saying, when I was yet in my country? Therefore I fled before to Tarshish: for I knew that you are a gracious God, and merciful, slow to anger, and of great kindness, and repent you of the evil.
Exodus 3:20	And I will stretch out my hand, and smite Egypt with all my wonders which I will do in the middle thereof: and after that he will let you go.
Psalm 119:30	I have chosen the way of truth: your judgments have I laid before me.
2 Corinthians 2:15	For we are to God a sweet smell of Christ, in them that are saved, and in them that perish:
Deuteronomy 15:7	If there be among you a poor man of one of your brothers within any of your gates in your land which the LORD your God gives you, you shall not harden your heart, nor shut your hand from your poor brother:
Hosea 5:6	They shall go with their flocks and with their herds to seek the LORD; but they shall not find him; he has withdrawn himself from them.
Genesis 1:11	And God said, Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is in itself, on the earth: and it was so.
Hebrews 2:7	You made him a little lower than the angels; you crowned him with glory and honor, and did set him over the works of your hands:
2 Chronicles 33:20	So Manasseh slept with his fathers, and they buried him in his own house: and Amon his son reigned in his stead.
Joshua 19:29	And then the coast turns to Ramah, and to the strong city Tyre; and the coast turns to Hosah; and the outgoings thereof are at the sea from the coast to Achzib:
Jeremiah 11:6	Then the LORD said to me, Proclaim all these words in the cities of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem, saying, Hear you the words of this covenant, and do them.
Psalm 16:10	For you will not leave my soul in hell; neither will you suffer your Holy One to see corruption.
Matthew 13:42	And shall cast them into a furnace of fire: there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth.
Hebrews 12:6	For whom the Lord loves he chastens, and whips every son whom he receives.
Job 28:11	He binds the floods from overflowing; and the thing that is hid brings he forth to light.
Ezekiel 25:15	Thus said the Lord GOD; Because the Philistines have dealt by revenge, and have taken vengeance with a despiteful heart, to destroy it for the old hatred;
Leviticus 20:3	And I will set my face against that man, and will cut him off from among his people; because he has given of his seed to Molech, to defile my sanctuary, and to profane my holy name.
Judges 1:30	Neither did Zebulun drive out the inhabitants of Kitron, nor the inhabitants of Nahalol; but the Canaanites dwelled among them, and became tributaries.
2 Kings 9:22	And it came to pass, when Joram saw Jehu, that he said, Is it peace, Jehu? And he answered, What peace, so long as the prostitutions of your mother Jezebel and her witchcrafts are so many?
Psalm 74:2	Remember your congregation, which you have purchased of old; the rod of your inheritance, which you have redeemed; this mount Zion, wherein you have dwelled.
Mark 7:23	All these evil things come from within, and defile the man.
Psalm 48:11	Let mount Zion rejoice, let the daughters of Judah be glad, because of your judgments.
Hebrews 13:12	Why Jesus also, that he might sanctify the people with his own blood, suffered without the gate.
Genesis 19:1	And there came two angels to Sodom at even; and Lot sat in the gate of Sodom: and Lot seeing them rose up to meet them; and he bowed himself with his face toward the ground;
1 Chronicles 21:13	And David said to Gad, I am in a great strait: let me fall now into the hand of the LORD; for very great are his mercies: but let me not fall into the hand of man.
Psalm 103:20	Bless the LORD, you his angels, that excel in strength, that do his commandments, hearkening to the voice of his word.
Hebrews 9:16	For where a testament is, there must also of necessity be the death of the testator.
Philippians 3:18	(For many walk, of whom I have told you often, and now tell you even weeping, that they are the enemies of the cross of Christ:
Isaiah 65:17	For, behold, I create new heavens and a new earth: and the former shall not be remembered, nor come into mind.
Isaiah 1:10	Hear the word of the LORD, you rulers of Sodom; give ear to the law of our God, you people of Gomorrah.
Jeremiah 8:1	At that time, said the LORD, they shall bring out the bones of the kings of Judah, and the bones of his princes, and the bones of the priests, and the bones of the prophets, and the bones of the inhabitants of Jerusalem, out of their graves:
Numbers 23:11	And Balak said to Balaam, What have you done to me? I took you to curse my enemies, and, behold, you have blessed them altogether.
Genesis 29:23	And it came to pass in the evening, that he took Leah his daughter, and brought her to him; and he went in to her.
Ezekiel 5:1	And you, son of man, take you a sharp knife, take you a barber’s razor, and cause it to pass on your head and on your beard: then take you balances to weigh, and divide the hair.
Mark 3:31	There came then his brothers and his mother, and, standing without, sent to him, calling him.
Psalm 145:21	My mouth shall speak the praise of the LORD: and let all flesh bless his holy name for ever and ever.
Isaiah 43:27	Your first father has sinned, and your teachers have transgressed against me.
Mark 16:9	Now when Jesus was risen early the first day of the week, he appeared first to Mary Magdalene, out of whom he had cast seven devils.
Luke 9:56	For the Son of man is not come to destroy men’s lives, but to save them. And they went to another village.
1 Kings 22:27	And say, Thus said the king, Put this fellow in the prison, and feed him with bread of affliction and with water of affliction, until I come in peace.
Matthew 26:26	And as they were eating, Jesus took bread, and blessed it, and broke it, and gave it to the disciples, and said, Take, eat; this is my body.
1 Chronicles 29:2	Now I have prepared with all my might for the house of my God the gold for things to be made of gold, and the silver for things of silver, and the brass for things of brass, the iron for things of iron, and wood for things of wood; onyx stones, and stones to be set, glistering stones, and of divers colors, and all manner of precious stones, and marble stones in abundance.
Ezekiel 13:2	Son of man, prophesy against the prophets of Israel that prophesy, and say you to them that prophesy out of their own hearts, Hear you the word of the LORD;
Numbers 17:3	And you shall write Aaron’s name on the rod of Levi: for one rod shall be for the head of the house of their fathers.
1 Samuel 10:21	When he had caused the tribe of Benjamin to come near by their families, the family of Matri was taken, and Saul the son of Kish was taken: and when they sought him, he could not be found.
2 Chronicles 10:3	And they sent and called him. So Jeroboam and all Israel came and spoke to Rehoboam, saying,
Psalm 71:19	Your righteousness also, O God, is very high, who have done great things: O God, who is like to you!
John 19:36	For these things were done, that the scripture should be fulfilled, A bone of him shall not be broken.
Job 24:13	They are of those that rebel against the light; they know not the ways thereof, nor abide in the paths thereof.
Matthew 21:39	And they caught him, and cast him out of the vineyard, and slew him.
1 Corinthians 15:56	The sting of death is sin; and the strength of sin is the law.
1 John 2:16	For all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, and the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life, is not of the Father, but is of the world.
Joshua 13:22	Balaam also the son of Beor, the soothsayer, did the children of Israel slay with the sword among them that were slain by them.
Ezekiel 20:44	And you shall know that I am the LORD when I have worked with you for my name’s sake, not according to your wicked ways, nor according to your corrupt doings, O you house of Israel, said the Lord GOD.
1 Chronicles 8:27	And Jaresiah, and Eliah, and Zichri, the sons of Jeroham.
Exodus 21:35	And if one man’s ox hurt another’s, that he die; then they shall sell the live ox, and divide the money of it; and the dead ox also they shall divide.
Jeremiah 51:40	I will bring them down like lambs to the slaughter, like rams with he goats.
1 Peter 2:19	For this is thank worthy, if a man for conscience toward God endure grief, suffering wrongfully.
Isaiah 51:15	But I am the LORD your God, that divided the sea, whose waves roared: The LORD of hosts is his name.
2 Chronicles 14:4	And commanded Judah to seek the LORD God of their fathers, and to do the law and the commandment.
Exodus 28:9	And you shall take two onyx stones, and grave on them the names of the children of Israel:
2 Kings 17:17	And they caused their sons and their daughters to pass through the fire, and used divination and enchantments, and sold themselves to do evil in the sight of the LORD, to provoke him to anger.
Philippians 1:28	And in nothing terrified by your adversaries: which is to them an evident token of perdition, but to you of salvation, and that of God.
1 Samuel 17:24	And all the men of Israel, when they saw the man, fled from him, and were sore afraid.
Genesis 50:5	My father made me swear, saying, See, I die: in my grave which I have dig for me in the land of Canaan, there shall you bury me. Now therefore let me go up, I pray you, and bury my father, and I will come again.
Psalm 116:6	The LORD preserves the simple: I was brought low, and he helped me.
2 Samuel 24:25	And David built there an altar to the LORD, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings. So the LORD was entreated for the land, and the plague was stayed from Israel.
Mark 11:3	And if any man say to you, Why do you this? say you that the Lord has need of him; and straightway he will send him here.
Matthew 12:5	Or have you not read in the law, how that on the sabbath days the priests in the temple profane the sabbath, and are blameless?
Job 25:1	Then answered Bildad the Shuhite, and said,
Matthew 21:36	Again, he sent other servants more than the first: and they did to them likewise.
Mark 10:2	And the Pharisees came to him, and asked him, Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife? tempting him.
Psalm 78:28	And he let it fall in the middle of their camp, round about their habitations.
Micah 5:8	And the remnant of Jacob shall be among the Gentiles in the middle of many people as a lion among the beasts of the forest, as a young lion among the flocks of sheep: who, if he go through, both treads down, and tears in pieces, and none can deliver.
Psalm 103:11	For as the heaven is high above the earth, so great is his mercy toward them that fear him.
1 Kings 2:15	And he said, You know that the kingdom was mine, and that all Israel set their faces on me, that I should reign: however, the kingdom is turned about, and is become my brother’s: for it was his from the LORD.
Genesis 47:10	And Jacob blessed Pharaoh, and went out from before Pharaoh.
Numbers 7:69	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:
Joshua 3:9	And Joshua said to the children of Israel, Come here, and hear the words of the LORD your God.
2 Kings 22:19	Because your heart was tender, and you have humbled yourself before the LORD, when you heard what I spoke against this place, and against the inhabitants thereof, that they should become a desolation and a curse, and have rent your clothes, and wept before me; I also have heard you, said the LORD.
Psalm 34:9	O fear the LORD, you his saints: for there is no want to them that fear him.
Psalm 119:82	My eyes fail for your word, saying, When will you comfort me?
2 Chronicles 13:2	He reigned three years in Jerusalem. His mother’s name also was Michaiah the daughter of Uriel of Gibeah. And there was war between Abijah and Jeroboam.
Jeremiah 44:17	But we will certainly do whatever thing goes forth out of our own mouth, to burn incense to the queen of heaven, and to pour out drink offerings to her, as we have done, we, and our fathers, our kings, and our princes, in the cities of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem: for then had we plenty of victuals, and were well, and saw no evil.
Numbers 31:22	Only the gold, and the silver, the brass, the iron, the tin, and the lead,
Genesis 17:24	And Abraham was ninety years old and nine, when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin.
1 John 3:8	He that commits sin is of the devil; for the devil sins from the beginning. For this purpose the Son of God was manifested, that he might destroy the works of the devil.
Genesis 12:11	And it came to pass, when he was come near to enter into Egypt, that he said to Sarai his wife, Behold now, I know that you are a fair woman to look on:
Jeremiah 51:62	Then shall you say, O LORD, you have spoken against this place, to cut it off, that none shall remain in it, neither man nor beast, but that it shall be desolate for ever.
Ezekiel 26:19	For thus said the Lord GOD; When I shall make you a desolate city, like the cities that are not inhabited; when I shall bring up the deep on you, and great waters shall cover you;
Luke 19:29	And it came to pass, when he was come near to Bethphage and Bethany, at the mount called the mount of Olives, he sent two of his disciples,
Psalm 56:9	When I cry to you, then shall my enemies turn back: this I know; for God is for me.
Mark 16:5	And entering into the sepulcher, they saw a young man sitting on the right side, clothed in a long white garment; and they were affrighted.
Job 5:9	Which does great things and unsearchable; marvelous things without number:
Deuteronomy 30:16	In that I command you this day to love the LORD your God, to walk in his ways, and to keep his commandments and his statutes and his judgments, that you may live and multiply: and the LORD your God shall bless you in the land where you go to possess it.
Leviticus 8:9	And he put the turban on his head; also on the turban, even on his forefront, did he put the golden plate, the holy crown; as the LORD commanded Moses.
2 Corinthians 11:17	That which I speak, I speak it not after the Lord, but as it were foolishly, in this confidence of boasting.
Job 9:20	If I justify myself, my own mouth shall condemn me: if I say, I am perfect, it shall also prove me perverse.
1 Kings 2:43	Why then have you not kept the oath of the LORD, and the commandment that I have charged you with?
Psalm 73:3	For I was envious at the foolish, when I saw the prosperity of the wicked.
Amos 2:13	Behold, I am pressed under you, as a cart is pressed that is full of sheaves.
2 Corinthians 1:10	Who delivered us from so great a death, and does deliver: in whom we trust that he will yet deliver us;
Habakkuk 2:11	For the stone shall cry out of the wall, and the beam out of the timber shall answer it.
2 Chronicles 18:32	For it came to pass, that, when the captains of the chariots perceived that it was not the king of Israel, they turned back again from pursuing him.
Luke 4:44	And he preached in the synagogues of Galilee.
John 5:40	And you will not come to me, that you might have life.
Nehemiah 2:19	But when Sanballat the Horonite, and Tobiah the servant, the Ammonite, and Geshem the Arabian, heard it, they laughed us to scorn, and despised us, and said, What is this thing that you do? will you rebel against the king?
Deuteronomy 2:30	But Sihon king of Heshbon would not let us pass by him: for the LORD your God hardened his spirit, and made his heart obstinate, that he might deliver him into your hand, as appears this day.
Job 38:6	Whereupon are the foundations thereof fastened? or who laid the corner stone thereof;
Numbers 2:5	And those that do pitch next to him shall be the tribe of Issachar: and Nethaneel the son of Zuar shall be captain of the children of Issachar.
Matthew 8:21	And another of his disciples said to him, Lord, suffer me first to go and bury my father.
1 Samuel 25:41	And she arose, and bowed herself on her face to the earth, and said, Behold, let your handmaid be a servant to wash the feet of the servants of my lord.
Job 39:23	The quiver rattles against him, the glittering spear and the shield.
Exodus 12:40	Now the sojourning of the children of Israel, who dwelled in Egypt, was four hundred and thirty years.
Genesis 32:8	And said, If Esau come to the one company, and smite it, then the other company which is left shall escape.
Genesis 29:16	And Laban had two daughters: the name of the elder was Leah, and the name of the younger was Rachel.
Psalm 6:4	Return, O LORD, deliver my soul: oh save me for your mercies’ sake.
Isaiah 17:7	At that day shall a man look to his Maker, and his eyes shall have respect to the Holy One of Israel.
Exodus 38:9	And he made the court: on the south side southward the hangings of the court were of fine twined linen, an hundred cubits:
Deuteronomy 23:9	When the host goes forth against your enemies, then keep you from every wicked thing.
Judges 13:25	And the Spirit of the LORD began to move him at times in the camp of Dan between Zorah and Eshtaol.
Deuteronomy 18:4	The first fruit also of your corn, of your wine, and of your oil, and the first of the fleece of your sheep, shall you give him.
Mark 5:37	And he suffered no man to follow him, save Peter, and James, and John the brother of James.
2 Chronicles 18:19	And the LORD said, Who shall entice Ahab king of Israel, that he may go up and fall at Ramothgilead? And one spoke saying after this manner, and another saying after that manner.
Daniel 8:19	And he said, Behold, I will make you know what shall be in the last end of the indignation: for at the time appointed the end shall be.
Judges 5:10	Speak, you that ride on white asses, you that sit in judgment, and walk by the way.
Acts 14:1	And it came to pass in Iconium, that they went both together into the synagogue of the Jews, and so spoke, that a great multitude both of the Jews and also of the Greeks believed.
2 Kings 10:35	And Jehu slept with his fathers: and they buried him in Samaria. And Jehoahaz his son reigned in his stead.
Mark 6:54	And when they were come out of the ship, straightway they knew him,
Mark 4:37	And there arose a great storm of wind, and the waves beat into the ship, so that it was now full.
Genesis 30:34	And Laban said, Behold, I would it might be according to your word.
Matthew 15:23	But he answered her not a word. And his disciples came and sought him, saying, Send her away; for she cries after us.
Leviticus 26:22	I will also send wild beasts among you, which shall rob you of your children, and destroy your cattle, and make you few in number; and your high ways shall be desolate.
Matthew 23:35	That on you may come all the righteous blood shed on the earth, from the blood of righteous Abel to the blood of Zacharias son of Barachias, whom you slew between the temple and the altar.
Psalm 108:11	Will not you, O God, who have cast us off? and will not you, O God, go forth with our hosts?
2 Samuel 2:10	Ishbosheth Saul’s son was forty years old when he began to reign over Israel, and reigned two years. But the house of Judah followed David.
Nehemiah 9:18	Yes, when they had made them a molten calf, and said, This is your God that brought you up out of Egypt, and had worked great provocations;
Luke 1:22	And when he came out, he could not speak to them: and they perceived that he had seen a vision in the temple: for he beckoned to them, and remained speechless.
Ecclesiastes 5:3	For a dream comes through the multitude of business; and a fool’s voice is known by multitude of words.
1 Samuel 17:6	And he had greaves of brass on his legs, and a target of brass between his shoulders.
1 Samuel 30:25	And it was so from that day forward, that he made it a statute and an ordinance for Israel to this day.
1 Chronicles 2:52	And Shobal the father of Kirjathjearim had sons; Haroeh, and half of the Manahethites.
Hosea 6:5	Therefore have I hewed them by the prophets; I have slain them by the words of my mouth: and your judgments are as the light that goes forth.
Exodus 14:27	And Moses stretched forth his hand over the sea, and the sea returned to his strength when the morning appeared; and the Egyptians fled against it; and the LORD overthrew the Egyptians in the middle of the sea.
Luke 3:31	Which was the son of Melea, which was the son of Menan, which was the son of Mattatha, which was the son of Nathan, which was the son of David,
Numbers 11:35	And the people journeyed from Kibrothhattaavah to Hazeroth; and stayed at Hazeroth.
1 Peter 1:11	Searching what, or what manner of time the Spirit of Christ which was in them did signify, when it testified beforehand the sufferings of Christ, and the glory that should follow.
Habakkuk 3:16	When I heard, my belly trembled; my lips quivered at the voice: rottenness entered into my bones, and I trembled in myself, that I might rest in the day of trouble: when he comes up to the people, he will invade them with his troops.
Genesis 24:2	And Abraham said to his oldest servant of his house, that ruled over all that he had, Put, I pray you, your hand under my thigh:
Lamentations 3:47	Fear and a snare is come on us, desolation and destruction.
1 Samuel 14:42	And Saul said, Cast lots between me and Jonathan my son. And Jonathan was taken.
Isaiah 32:20	Blessed are you that sow beside all waters, that send forth thither the feet of the ox and the ass.
Jeremiah 18:18	Then said they, Come and let us devise devices against Jeremiah; for the law shall not perish from the priest, nor counsel from the wise, nor the word from the prophet. Come, and let us smite him with the tongue, and let us not give heed to any of his words.
Mark 7:10	For Moses said, Honor your father and your mother; and, Whoever curses father or mother, let him die the death:
Proverbs 28:11	The rich man is wise in his own conceit; but the poor that has understanding searches him out.
2 Kings 18:17	And the king of Assyria sent Tartan and Rabsaris and Rabshakeh from Lachish to king Hezekiah with a great host against Jerusalem. And they went up and came to Jerusalem. And when they were come up, they came and stood by the conduit of the upper pool, which is in the highway of the fuller’s field.
Judges 15:19	But God split an hollow place that was in the jaw, and there came water out of there; and when he had drunk, his spirit came again, and he revived: why he called the name thereof Enhakkore, which is in Lehi to this day.
John 7:44	And some of them would have taken him; but no man laid hands on him.
1 Kings 19:10	And he said, I have been very jealous for the LORD God of hosts: for the children of Israel have forsaken your covenant, thrown down your altars, and slain your prophets with the sword; and I, even I only, am left; and they seek my life, to take it away.
Jeremiah 32:24	Behold the mounts, they are come to the city to take it; and the city is given into the hand of the Chaldeans, that fight against it, because of the sword, and of the famine, and of the pestilence: and what you have spoken is come to pass; and, behold, you see it.
Numbers 32:5	Why, said they, if we have found grace in your sight, let this land be given to your servants for a possession, and bring us not over Jordan.
Leviticus 14:12	And the priest shall take one he lamb, and offer him for a trespass offering, and the log of oil, and wave them for a wave offering before the LORD:
Numbers 10:11	And it came to pass on the twentieth day of the second month, in the second year, that the cloud was taken up from off the tabernacle of the testimony.
Psalm 47:3	He shall subdue the people under us, and the nations under our feet.
Proverbs 27:10	Your own friend, and your father’s friend, forsake not; neither go into your brother’s house in the day of your calamity: for better is a neighbor that is near than a brother far off.
Lamentations 4:9	They that be slain with the sword are better than they that be slain with hunger: for these pine away, stricken through for want of the fruits of the field.
Acts 7:28	Will you kill me, as you did the Egyptian yesterday?
Numbers 29:29	And on the sixth day eight bullocks, two rams, and fourteen lambs of the first year without blemish:
Job 23:11	My foot has held his steps, his way have I kept, and not declined.
Judges 6:12	And the angel of the LORD appeared to him, and said to him, The LORD is with you, you mighty man of valor.
Psalm 78:10	They kept not the covenant of God, and refused to walk in his law;
Ezekiel 34:9	Therefore, O you shepherds, hear the word of the LORD;
1 Corinthians 7:37	Nevertheless he that stands steadfast in his heart, having no necessity, but has power over his own will, and has so decreed in his heart that he will keep his virgin, does well.
Psalm 46:9	He makes wars to cease to the end of the earth; he breaks the bow, and cuts the spear in sunder; he burns the chariot in the fire.
Exodus 32:22	And Aaron said, Let not the anger of my lord wax hot: you know the people, that they are set on mischief.
Psalm 83:14	As the fire burns a wood, and as the flame sets the mountains on fire;
Numbers 28:20	And their meat offering shall be of flour mingled with oil: three tenth deals shall you offer for a bullock, and two tenth deals for a ram;
Psalm 22:16	For dogs have compassed me: the assembly of the wicked have enclosed me: they pierced my hands and my feet.
2 Kings 14:15	Now the rest of the acts of Jehoash which he did, and his might, and how he fought with Amaziah king of Judah, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
Psalm 35:23	Stir up yourself, and awake to my judgment, even to my cause, my God and my Lord.
Revelation 2:1	To the angel of the church of Ephesus write; These things said he that holds the seven stars in his right hand, who walks in the middle of the seven golden candlesticks;
Daniel 4:11	The tree grew, and was strong, and the height thereof reached to heaven, and the sight thereof to the end of all the earth:
Psalm 58:6	Break their teeth, O God, in their mouth: break out the great teeth of the young lions, O LORD.
John 10:31	Then the Jews took up stones again to stone him.
Judges 5:5	The mountains melted from before the LORD, even that Sinai from before the LORD God of Israel.
Daniel 3:3	Then the princes, the governors, and captains, the judges, the treasurers, the counsellors, the sheriffs, and all the rulers of the provinces, were gathered together to the dedication of the image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up; and they stood before the image that Nebuchadnezzar had set up.
Amos 4:11	I have overthrown some of you, as God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah, and you were as a firebrand plucked out of the burning: yet have you not returned to me, said the LORD.
Genesis 3:8	And they heard the voice of the LORD God walking in the garden in the cool of the day: and Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the LORD God among the trees of the garden.
Luke 6:3	And Jesus answering them said, Have you not read so much as this, what David did, when himself was an hungered, and they which were with him;
2 Chronicles 31:1	Now when all this was finished, all Israel that were present went out to the cities of Judah, and broke the images in pieces, and cut down the groves, and threw down the high places and the altars out of all Judah and Benjamin, in Ephraim also and Manasseh, until they had utterly destroyed them all. Then all the children of Israel returned, every man to his possession, into their own cities.
Zechariah 5:6	And I said, What is it? And he said, This is an ephah that goes forth. He said moreover, This is their resemblance through all the earth.
1 Chronicles 4:31	And at Bethmarcaboth, and Hazarsusim, and at Bethbirei, and at Shaaraim. These were their cities to the reign of David.
Acts 28:8	And it came to pass, that the father of Publius lay sick of a fever and of a bloody flux: to whom Paul entered in, and prayed, and laid his hands on him, and healed him.
Psalm 103:21	Bless you the LORD, all you his hosts; you ministers of his, that do his pleasure.
2 Chronicles 25:23	And Joash the king of Israel took Amaziah king of Judah, the son of Joash, the son of Jehoahaz, at Bethshemesh, and brought him to Jerusalem, and broke down the wall of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim to the corner gate, four hundred cubits.
Matthew 16:23	But he turned, and said to Peter, Get you behind me, Satan: you are an offense to me: for you mind not the things that be of God, but those that be of men.
Ezra 2:21	The children of Bethlehem, an hundred twenty and three.
Revelation 1:10	I was in the Spirit on the Lord’s day, and heard behind me a great voice, as of a trumpet,
Ezekiel 25:8	Thus said the Lord GOD; Because that Moab and Seir do say, Behold, the house of Judah is like to all the heathen;
2 Kings 16:12	And when the king was come from Damascus, the king saw the altar: and the king approached to the altar, and offered thereon.
Matthew 20:2	And when he had agreed with the laborers for a penny a day, he sent them into his vineyard.
Mark 5:8	For he said to him, Come out of the man, you unclean spirit.
2 Kings 15:34	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD: he did according to all that his father Uzziah had done.
1 Corinthians 1:9	God is faithful, by whom you were called to the fellowship of his Son Jesus Christ our Lord.
Proverbs 8:11	For wisdom is better than rubies; and all the things that may be desired are not to be compared to it.
2 Kings 2:1	And it came to pass, when the LORD would take up Elijah into heaven by a whirlwind, that Elijah went with Elisha from Gilgal.
2 Chronicles 1:11	And God said to Solomon, Because this was in your heart, and you have not asked riches, wealth, or honor, nor the life of your enemies, neither yet have asked long life; but have asked wisdom and knowledge for yourself, that you may judge my people, over whom I have made you king:
1 John 2:4	He that said, I know him, and keeps not his commandments, is a liar, and the truth is not in him.
Zechariah 10:9	And I will sow them among the people: and they shall remember me in far countries; and they shall live with their children, and turn again.
Isaiah 2:18	And the idols he shall utterly abolish.
1 Chronicles 5:4	The sons of Joel; Shemaiah his son, Gog his son, Shimei his son,
Ezekiel 48:10	And for them, even for the priests, shall be this holy oblation; toward the north five and twenty thousand in length, and toward the west ten thousand in breadth, and toward the east ten thousand in breadth, and toward the south five and twenty thousand in length: and the sanctuary of the LORD shall be in the middle thereof.
John 4:24	God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.
1 Corinthians 12:11	But all these works that one and the selfsame Spirit, dividing to every man severally as he will.
1 Kings 22:47	There was then no king in Edom: a deputy was king.
Philippians 2:3	Let nothing be done through strife or vainglory; but in lowliness of mind let each esteem other better than themselves.
Leviticus 24:4	He shall order the lamps on the pure candlestick before the LORD continually.
Genesis 20:5	Said he not to me, She is my sister? and she, even she herself said, He is my brother: in the integrity of my heart and innocence of my hands have I done this.
Jeremiah 50:37	A sword is on their horses, and on their chariots, and on all the mingled people that are in the middle of her; and they shall become as women: a sword is on her treasures; and they shall be robbed.
2 John 1:9	Whoever transgresses, and stays not in the doctrine of Christ, has not God. He that stays in the doctrine of Christ, he has both the Father and the Son.
Psalm 74:7	They have cast fire into your sanctuary, they have defiled by casting down the dwelling place of your name to the ground.
Numbers 26:8	And the sons of Pallu; Eliab.
Deuteronomy 33:28	Israel then shall dwell in safety alone: the fountain of Jacob shall be on a land of corn and wine; also his heavens shall drop down dew.
Revelation 6:5	And when he had opened the third seal, I heard the third beast say, Come and see. And I beheld, and see a black horse; and he that sat on him had a pair of balances in his hand.
Luke 15:26	And he called one of the servants, and asked what these things meant.
2 Chronicles 33:18	Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and his prayer to his God, and the words of the seers that spoke to him in the name of the LORD God of Israel, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel.
Exodus 6:20	And Amram took him Jochebed his father’s sister to wife; and she bore him Aaron and Moses: and the years of the life of Amram were an hundred and thirty and seven years.
1 Samuel 23:4	Then David inquired of the LORD yet again. And the LORD answered him and said, Arise, go down to Keilah; for I will deliver the Philistines into your hand.
John 1:43	The day following Jesus would go forth into Galilee, and finds Philip, and said to him, Follow me.
Genesis 10:26	And Joktan begat Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah,
Genesis 2:25	And they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed.
Deuteronomy 1:10	The LORD your God has multiplied you, and, behold, you are this day as the stars of heaven for multitude.
Jeremiah 48:7	For because you have trusted in your works and in your treasures, you shall also be taken: and Chemosh shall go forth into captivity with his priests and his princes together.
Genesis 3:21	To Adam also and to his wife did the LORD God make coats of skins, and clothed them.
Luke 13:14	And the ruler of the synagogue answered with indignation, because that Jesus had healed on the sabbath day, and said to the people, There are six days in which men ought to work: in them therefore come and be healed, and not on the sabbath day.
Proverbs 3:1	My son, forget not my law; but let your heart keep my commandments:
Matthew 4:5	Then the devil takes him up into the holy city, and sets him on a pinnacle of the temple,
Job 27:2	As God lives, who has taken away my judgment; and the Almighty, who has vexed my soul;
John 4:20	Our fathers worshipped in this mountain; and you say, that in Jerusalem is the place where men ought to worship.
Leviticus 15:13	And when he that has an issue is cleansed of his issue; then he shall number to himself seven days for his cleansing, and wash his clothes, and bathe his flesh in running water, and shall be clean.
Jeremiah 2:9	Why I will yet plead with you, said the LORD, and with your children’s children will I plead.
Isaiah 49:8	Thus said the LORD, In an acceptable time have I heard you, and in a day of salvation have I helped you: and I will preserve you, and give you for a covenant of the people, to establish the earth, to cause to inherit the desolate heritages;
1 Samuel 6:1	And the ark of the LORD was in the country of the Philistines seven months.
Acts 8:38	And he commanded the chariot to stand still: and they went down both into the water, both Philip and the eunuch; and he baptized him.
Ezekiel 29:12	And I will make the land of Egypt desolate in the middle of the countries that are desolate, and her cities among the cities that are laid waste shall be desolate forty years: and I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations, and will disperse them through the countries.
Genesis 30:4	And she gave him Bilhah her handmaid to wife: and Jacob went in to her.
Job 32:1	So these three men ceased to answer Job, because he was righteous in his own eyes.
Song of Solomon 1:16	Behold, you are fair, my beloved, yes, pleasant: also our bed is green.
Luke 14:15	And when one of them that sat at meat with him heard these things, he said to him, Blessed is he that shall eat bread in the kingdom of God.
2 Chronicles 24:8	And at the king’s commandment they made a chest, and set it without at the gate of the house of the LORD.
Proverbs 15:30	The light of the eyes rejoices the heart: and a good report makes the bones fat.
2 Kings 3:7	And he went and sent to Jehoshaphat the king of Judah, saying, The king of Moab has rebelled against me: will you go with me against Moab to battle? And he said, I will go up: I am as you are, my people as your people, and my horses as your horses.
Romans 4:24	But for us also, to whom it shall be imputed, if we believe on him that raised up Jesus our Lord from the dead;
Jeremiah 37:10	For though you had smitten the whole army of the Chaldeans that fight against you, and there remained but wounded men among them, yet should they rise up every man in his tent, and burn this city with fire.
Jeremiah 7:9	Will you steal, murder, and commit adultery, and swear falsely, and burn incense to Baal, and walk after other gods whom you know not;
2 Chronicles 30:20	And the LORD listened to Hezekiah, and healed the people.
Numbers 6:3	He shall separate himself from wine and strong drink, and shall drink no vinegar of wine, or vinegar of strong drink, neither shall he drink any liquor of grapes, nor eat moist grapes, or dried.
Psalm 107:6	Then they cried to the LORD in their trouble, and he delivered them out of their distresses.
Proverbs 1:10	My son, if sinners entice you, consent you not.
Isaiah 50:2	Why, when I came, was there no man? when I called, was there none to answer? Is my hand shortened at all, that it cannot redeem? or have I no power to deliver? behold, at my rebuke I dry up the sea, I make the rivers a wilderness: their fish stinks, because there is no water, and dies for thirst.
Ruth 3:10	And he said, Blessed be you of the LORD, my daughter: for you have showed more kindness in the latter end than at the beginning, inasmuch as you followed not young men, whether poor or rich.
Mark 4:22	For there is nothing hid, which shall not be manifested; neither was any thing kept secret, but that it should come abroad.
1 Chronicles 25:28	The one and twentieth to Hothir, he, his sons, and his brothers, were twelve:
Revelation 13:18	Here is wisdom. Let him that has understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number is Six hundred three score and six.
1 Kings 20:28	And there came a man of God, and spoke to the king of Israel, and said, Thus said the LORD, Because the Syrians have said, The LORD is God of the hills, but he is not God of the valleys, therefore will I deliver all this great multitude into your hand, and you shall know that I am the LORD.
1 Chronicles 8:4	And Abishua, and Naaman, and Ahoah,
Mark 7:33	And he took him aside from the multitude, and put his fingers into his ears, and he spit, and touched his tongue;
Luke 15:29	And he answering said to his father, See, these many years do I serve you, neither transgressed I at any time your commandment: and yet you never gave me a kid, that I might make merry with my friends:
Deuteronomy 21:9	So shall you put away the guilt of innocent blood from among you, when you shall do that which is right in the sight of the LORD.
Leviticus 3:1	And if his oblation be a sacrifice of peace offering, if he offer it of the herd; whether it be a male or female, he shall offer it without blemish before the LORD.
Job 18:2	How long will it be ere you make an end of words? mark, and afterwards we will speak.
1 Corinthians 3:16	Know you not that you are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwells in you?
Amos 2:10	Also I brought you up from the land of Egypt, and led you forty years through the wilderness, to possess the land of the Amorite.
2 Samuel 12:13	And David said to Nathan, I have sinned against the LORD. And Nathan said to David, The LORD also has put away your sin; you shall not die.
Proverbs 5:9	Lest you give your honor to others, and your years to the cruel:
Isaiah 19:24	In that day shall Israel be the third with Egypt and with Assyria, even a blessing in the middle of the land:
1 Kings 7:36	For on the plates of the ledges thereof, and on the borders thereof, he graved cherubim, lions, and palm trees, according to the proportion of every one, and additions round about.
Genesis 32:6	And the messengers returned to Jacob, saying, We came to your brother Esau, and also he comes to meet you, and four hundred men with him.
Psalm 9:13	Have mercy on me, O LORD; consider my trouble which I suffer of them that hate me, you that lift me up from the gates of death:
Proverbs 11:28	He that trusts in his riches shall fall; but the righteous shall flourish as a branch.
Luke 7:45	You gave me no kiss: but this woman since the time I came in has not ceased to kiss my feet.
Isaiah 66:24	And they shall go forth, and look on the carcasses of the men that have transgressed against me: for their worm shall not die, neither shall their fire be quenched; and they shall be an abhorring to all flesh.
Jeremiah 38:7	Now when Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, one of the eunuchs which was in the king’s house, heard that they had put Jeremiah in the dungeon; the king then sitting in the gate of Benjamin;
Acts 4:29	And now, Lord, behold their threatenings: and grant to your servants, that with all boldness they may speak your word,
Romans 4:6	Even as David also describes the blessedness of the man, to whom God imputes righteousness without works,
Song of Solomon 3:8	They all hold swords, being expert in war: every man has his sword on his thigh because of fear in the night.
Numbers 21:17	Then Israel sang this song, Spring up, O well; sing you to it:
Ezekiel 18:18	As for his father, because he cruelly oppressed, spoiled his brother by violence, and did that which is not good among his people, see, even he shall die in his iniquity.
Job 26:13	By his spirit he has garnished the heavens; his hand has formed the crooked serpent.
John 1:38	Then Jesus turned, and saw them following, and said to them, What seek you? They said to him, Rabbi, (which is to say, being interpreted, Master,) where dwell you?
Luke 7:39	Now when the Pharisee which had bidden him saw it, he spoke within himself, saying, This man, if he were a prophet, would have known who and what manner of woman this is that touches him: for she is a sinner.
Job 29:11	When the ear heard me, then it blessed me; and when the eye saw me, it gave witness to me:
Luke 2:27	And he came by the Spirit into the temple: and when the parents brought in the child Jesus, to do for him after the custom of the law,
Haggai 2:8	The silver is mine, and the gold is mine, said the LORD of hosts.
Song of Solomon 6:10	Who is she that looks forth as the morning, fair as the moon, clear as the sun, and terrible as an army with banners?
Ezekiel 44:3	It is for the prince; the prince, he shall sit in it to eat bread before the LORD; he shall enter by the way of the porch of that gate, and shall go out by the way of the same.
Acts 13:31	And he was seen many days of them which came up with him from Galilee to Jerusalem, who are his witnesses to the people.
1 Chronicles 28:9	And you, Solomon my son, know you the God of your father, and serve him with a perfect heart and with a willing mind: for the LORD searches all hearts, and understands all the imaginations of the thoughts: if you seek him, he will be found of you; but if you forsake him, he will cast you off for ever.
Malachi 2:7	For the priest’s lips should keep knowledge, and they should seek the law at his mouth: for he is the messenger of the LORD of hosts.
Genesis 41:19	And, behold, seven other cows came up after them, poor and very ill favored and skinney, such as I never saw in all the land of Egypt for badness:
Nehemiah 7:22	The children of Hashum, three hundred twenty and eight.
Deuteronomy 18:10	There shall not be found among you any one that makes his son or his daughter to pass through the fire, or that uses divination, or an observer of times, or an enchanter, or a witch.
1 Kings 8:59	And let these my words, with which I have made supplication before the LORD, be near to the LORD our God day and night, that he maintain the cause of his servant, and the cause of his people Israel at all times, as the matter shall require:
Leviticus 13:34	And in the seventh day the priest shall look on the scale: and, behold, if the scale be not spread in the skin, nor be in sight deeper than the skin; then the priest shall pronounce him clean: and he shall wash his clothes, and be clean.
Deuteronomy 21:13	And she shall put the raiment of her captivity from off her, and shall remain in your house, and mourn her father and her mother a full month: and after that you shall go in to her, and be her husband, and she shall be your wife.
Isaiah 41:10	Fear you not; for I am with you: be not dismayed; for I am your God: I will strengthen you; yes, I will help you; yes, I will uphold you with the right hand of my righteousness.
Hebrews 6:13	For when God made promise to Abraham, because he could swear by no greater, he swore by himself,
2 Corinthians 11:2	For I am jealous over you with godly jealousy: for I have espoused you to one husband, that I may present you as a chaste virgin to Christ.
Ezra 8:3	Of the sons of Shechaniah, of the sons of Pharosh; Zechariah: and with him were reckoned by genealogy of the males an hundred and fifty.
Isaiah 55:6	Seek you the LORD while he may be found, call you on him while he is near:
Job 33:27	He looks on men, and if any say, I have sinned, and perverted that which was right, and it profited me not;
Malachi 3:16	Then they that feared the LORD spoke often one to another: and the LORD listened, and heard it, and a book of remembrance was written before him for them that feared the LORD, and that thought on his name.
John 5:30	I can of my own self do nothing: as I hear, I judge: and my judgment is just; because I seek not my own will, but the will of the Father which has sent me.
Psalm 109:9	Let his children be fatherless, and his wife a widow.
Matthew 9:32	As they went out, behold, they brought to him a dumb man possessed with a devil.
Psalm 31:9	Have mercy on me, O LORD, for I am in trouble: my eye is consumed with grief, yes, my soul and my belly.
Isaiah 26:17	Like as a woman with child, that draws near the time of her delivery, is in pain, and cries out in her pangs; so have we been in your sight, O LORD.
John 16:9	Of sin, because they believe not on me;
2 Samuel 12:16	David therefore sought God for the child; and David fasted, and went in, and lay all night on the earth.
Micah 6:9	The LORD’s voice cries to the city, and the man of wisdom shall see your name: hear you the rod, and who has appointed it.
Joel 2:21	Fear not, O land; be glad and rejoice: for the LORD will do great things.
1 Chronicles 8:7	And Naaman, and Ahiah, and Gera, he removed them, and begat Uzza, and Ahihud.
1 Peter 5:12	By Silvanus, a faithful brother to you, as I suppose, I have written briefly, exhorting, and testifying that this is the true grace of God wherein you stand.
Genesis 25:12	Now these are the generations of Ishmael, Abraham’s son, whom Hagar the Egyptian, Sarah’s handmaid, bore to Abraham:
1 Corinthians 7:34	There is difference also between a wife and a virgin. The unmarried woman cares for the things of the Lord, that she may be holy both in body and in spirit: but she that is married cares for the things of the world, how she may please her husband.
Romans 13:1	Let every soul be subject to the higher powers. For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God.
Job 41:20	Out of his nostrils goes smoke, as out of a seething pot or caldron.
Mark 3:3	And he said to the man which had the withered hand, Stand forth.
Genesis 31:7	And your father has deceived me, and changed my wages ten times; but God suffered him not to hurt me.
1 Thessalonians 4:3	For this is the will of God, even your sanctification, that you should abstain from fornication:
Proverbs 7:6	For at the window of my house I looked through my casement,
2 Chronicles 20:22	And when they began to sing and to praise, the LORD set ambushes against the children of Ammon, Moab, and mount Seir, which were come against Judah; and they were smitten.
Revelation 18:6	Reward her even as she rewarded you, and double to her double according to her works: in the cup which she has filled fill to her double.
1 Chronicles 22:19	Now set your heart and your soul to seek the LORD your God; arise therefore, and build you the sanctuary of the LORD God, to bring the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and the holy vessels of God, into the house that is to be built to the name of the LORD.
Luke 9:57	And it came to pass, that, as they went in the way, a certain man said to him, Lord, I will follow you wherever you go.
Psalm 18:31	For who is God save the LORD? or who is a rock save our God?
Revelation 15:8	And the temple was filled with smoke from the glory of God, and from his power; and no man was able to enter into the temple, till the seven plagues of the seven angels were fulfilled.
Psalm 19:5	Which is as a bridegroom coming out of his chamber, and rejoices as a strong man to run a race.
Isaiah 10:23	For the Lord GOD of hosts shall make a consumption, even determined, in the middle of all the land.
Acts 1:26	And they gave forth their lots; and the lot fell on Matthias; and he was numbered with the eleven apostles.
Mark 15:5	But Jesus yet answered nothing; so that Pilate marveled.
2 Corinthians 3:14	But their minds were blinded: for until this day remains the same veil not taken away in the reading of the old testament; which veil is done away in Christ.
Deuteronomy 21:10	When you go forth to war against your enemies, and the LORD your God has delivered them into your hands, and you have taken them captive,
Acts 1:24	And they prayed, and said, You, Lord, which know the hearts of all men, show whether of these two you have chosen,
Jeremiah 33:14	Behold, the days come, said the LORD, that I will perform that good thing which I have promised to the house of Israel and to the house of Judah.
Deuteronomy 2:33	And the LORD our God delivered him before us; and we smote him, and his sons, and all his people.
Isaiah 41:23	Show the things that are to come hereafter, that we may know that you are gods: yes, do good, or do evil, that we may be dismayed, and behold it together.
2 Peter 1:18	And this voice which came from heaven we heard, when we were with him in the holy mount.
Psalm 73:25	Whom have I in heaven but you? and there is none on earth that I desire beside you.
Genesis 31:9	Thus God has taken away the cattle of your father, and given them to me.
1 Peter 1:23	Being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the word of God, which lives and stays for ever.
Zechariah 10:10	I will bring them again also out of the land of Egypt, and gather them out of Assyria; and I will bring them into the land of Gilead and Lebanon; and place shall not be found for them.
Genesis 30:39	And the flocks conceived before the rods, and brought forth cattle ringstraked, speckled, and spotted.
2 Samuel 9:4	And the king said to him, Where is he? And Ziba said to the king, Behold, he is in the house of Machir, the son of Ammiel, in Lodebar.
Matthew 13:7	And some fell among thorns; and the thorns sprung up, and choked them:
1 Chronicles 25:14	The seventh to Jesharelah, he, his sons, and his brothers, were twelve:
John 7:48	Have any of the rulers or of the Pharisees believed on him?
Exodus 6:3	And I appeared to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, by the name of God Almighty, but by my name JEHOVAH was I not known to them.
Nehemiah 7:25	The children of Gibeon, ninety and five.
Deuteronomy 33:8	And of Levi he said, Let your Thummim and your Urim be with your holy one, whom you did prove at Massah, and with whom you did strive at the waters of Meribah;
Song of Solomon 2:14	O my dove, that are in the clefts of the rock, in the secret places of the stairs, let me see your countenance, let me hear your voice; for sweet is your voice, and your countenance is comely.
Exodus 19:4	You have seen what I did to the Egyptians, and how I bore you on eagles’ wings, and brought you to myself.
2 Corinthians 12:4	How that he was caught up into paradise, and heard unspeakable words, which it is not lawful for a man to utter.
Micah 1:11	Pass you away, you inhabitant of Saphir, having your shame naked: the inhabitant of Zaanan came not forth in the mourning of Bethezel; he shall receive of you his standing.
Proverbs 20:9	Who can say, I have made my heart clean, I am pure from my sin?
Numbers 10:23	And over the host of the tribe of the children of Manasseh was Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur.
Acts 28:24	And some believed the things which were spoken, and some believed not.
Ephesians 4:7	But to every one of us is given grace according to the measure of the gift of Christ.
Nehemiah 6:9	For they all made us afraid, saying, Their hands shall be weakened from the work, that it be not done. Now therefore, O God, strengthen my hands.
Psalm 119:108	Accept, I beseech you, the freewill offerings of my mouth, O LORD, and teach me your judgments.
Isaiah 41:1	Keep silence before me, O islands; and let the people renew their strength: let them come near; then let them speak: let us come near together to judgment.
2 Kings 13:3	And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Israel, and he delivered them into the hand of Hazael king of Syria, and into the hand of Benhadad the son of Hazael, all their days.
Jude 1:23	And others save with fear, pulling them out of the fire; hating even the garment spotted by the flesh.
Isaiah 55:4	Behold, I have given him for a witness to the people, a leader and commander to the people.
Luke 18:40	And Jesus stood, and commanded him to be brought to him: and when he was come near, he asked him,
2 Chronicles 36:14	Moreover all the chief of the priests, and the people, transgressed very much after all the abominations of the heathen; and polluted the house of the LORD which he had hallowed in Jerusalem.
John 7:9	When he had said these words to them, he stayed still in Galilee.
Ezekiel 46:20	Then said he to me, This is the place where the priests shall boil the trespass offering and the sin offering, where they shall bake the meat offering; that they bear them not out into the utter court, to sanctify the people.
Psalm 90:10	The days of our years are three score years and ten; and if by reason of strength they be fourscore years, yet is their strength labor and sorrow; for it is soon cut off, and we fly away.
2 Chronicles 4:18	Thus Solomon made all these vessels in great abundance: for the weight of the brass could not be found out.
1 Kings 11:27	And this was the cause that he lifted up his hand against the king: Solomon built Millo, and repaired the breaches of the city of David his father.
Joshua 18:11	And the lot of the tribe of the children of Benjamin came up according to their families: and the coast of their lot came forth between the children of Judah and the children of Joseph.
Exodus 25:26	And you shall make for it four rings of gold, and put the rings in the four corners that are on the four feet thereof.
Jeremiah 8:7	Yes, the stork in the heaven knows her appointed times; and the turtle and the crane and the swallow observe the time of their coming; but my people know not the judgment of the LORD.
Nehemiah 7:63	And of the priests: the children of Habaiah, the children of Koz, the children of Barzillai, which took one of the daughters of Barzillai the Gileadite to wife, and was called after their name.
Job 6:11	What is my strength, that I should hope? and what is my end, that I should prolong my life?
Luke 3:2	Annas and Caiaphas being the high priests, the word of God came to John the son of Zacharias in the wilderness.
2 Corinthians 7:3	I speak not this to condemn you: for I have said before, that you are in our hearts to die and live with you.
1 Chronicles 6:34	The son of Elkanah, the son of Jeroham, the son of Eliel, the son of Toah,
Psalm 80:5	You feed them with the bread of tears; and give them tears to drink in great measure.
Hebrews 13:17	Obey them that have the rule over you, and submit yourselves: for they watch for your souls, as they that must give account, that they may do it with joy, and not with grief: for that is unprofitable for you.
1 Chronicles 16:22	Saying, Touch not my anointed, and do my prophets no harm.
1 Chronicles 8:22	And Ishpan, and Heber, and Eliel,
Psalm 6:9	The LORD has heard my supplication; the LORD will receive my prayer.
Ruth 4:3	And he said to the kinsman, Naomi, that is come again out of the country of Moab, sells a parcel of land, which was our brother Elimelech’s:
Psalm 27:5	For in the time of trouble he shall hide me in his pavilion: in the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me; he shall set me up on a rock.
Joshua 15:48	And in the mountains, Shamir, and Jattir, and Socoh,
Acts 11:14	Who shall tell you words, whereby you and all your house shall be saved.
John 4:53	So the father knew that it was at the same hour, in the which Jesus said to him, Your son lives: and himself believed, and his whole house.
Isaiah 30:22	You shall defile also the covering of your graven images of silver, and the ornament of your molten images of gold: you shall cast them away as a menstruous cloth; you shall say to it, Get you hence.
1 Peter 2:10	Which in time past were not a people, but are now the people of God: which had not obtained mercy, but now have obtained mercy.
Jeremiah 4:16	Make you mention to the nations; behold, publish against Jerusalem, that watchers come from a far country, and give out their voice against the cities of Judah.
Luke 5:8	When Simon Peter saw it, he fell down at Jesus’ knees, saying, Depart from me; for I am a sinful man, O Lord.
Luke 12:5	But I will forewarn you whom you shall fear: Fear him, which after he has killed has power to cast into hell; yes, I say to you, Fear him.
Jeremiah 6:10	To whom shall I speak, and give warning, that they may hear? behold, their ear is uncircumcised, and they cannot listen: behold, the word of the LORD is to them a reproach; they have no delight in it.
Leviticus 21:5	They shall not make baldness on their head, neither shall they shave off the corner of their beard, nor make any cuttings in their flesh.
Matthew 11:7	And as they departed, Jesus began to say to the multitudes concerning John, What went you out into the wilderness to see? A reed shaken with the wind?
Proverbs 23:28	She also lies in wait as for a prey, and increases the transgressors among men.
Job 9:3	If he will contend with him, he cannot answer him one of a thousand.
Isaiah 3:9	The show of their countenance does witness against them; and they declare their sin as Sodom, they hide it not. Woe to their soul! for they have rewarded evil to themselves.
Ezekiel 45:15	And one lamb out of the flock, out of two hundred, out of the fat pastures of Israel; for a meat offering, and for a burnt offering, and for peace offerings, to make reconciliation for them, said the Lord GOD.
1 Kings 22:51	Ahaziah the son of Ahab began to reign over Israel in Samaria the seventeenth year of Jehoshaphat king of Judah, and reigned two years over Israel.
Genesis 26:30	And he made them a feast, and they did eat and drink.
Luke 9:42	And as he was yet a coming, the devil threw him down, and tare him. And Jesus rebuked the unclean spirit, and healed the child, and delivered him again to his father.
2 Samuel 22:23	For all his judgments were before me: and as for his statutes, I did not depart from them.
Proverbs 3:31	Envy you not the oppressor, and choose none of his ways.
Jeremiah 22:19	He shall be buried with the burial of an ass, drawn and cast forth beyond the gates of Jerusalem.
1 Samuel 16:21	And David came to Saul, and stood before him: and he loved him greatly; and he became his armor bearer.
Jeremiah 4:22	For my people is foolish, they have not known me; they are silly children, and they have none understanding: they are wise to do evil, but to do good they have no knowledge.
Nehemiah 8:15	And that they should publish and proclaim in all their cities, and in Jerusalem, saying, Go forth to the mount, and fetch olive branches, and pine branches, and myrtle branches, and palm branches, and branches of thick trees, to make booths, as it is written.
Exodus 4:10	And Moses said to the LORD, O my LORD, I am not eloquent, neither heretofore, nor since you have spoken to your servant: but I am slow of speech, and of a slow tongue.
Jeremiah 41:8	But ten men were found among them that said to Ishmael, Slay us not: for we have treasures in the field, of wheat, and of barley, and of oil, and of honey. So he declined, and slew them not among their brothers.
Joshua 8:26	For Joshua drew not his hand back, with which he stretched out the spear, until he had utterly destroyed all the inhabitants of Ai.
2 Chronicles 35:21	But he sent ambassadors to him, saying, What have I to do with you, you king of Judah? I come not against you this day, but against the house with which I have war: for God commanded me to make haste: forbear you from meddling with God, who is with me, that he destroy you not.
Jeremiah 50:43	The king of Babylon has heard the report of them, and his hands waxed feeble: anguish took hold of him, and pangs as of a woman in travail.
Jeremiah 16:11	Then shall you say to them, Because your fathers have forsaken me, said the LORD, and have walked after other gods, and have served them, and have worshipped them, and have forsaken me, and have not kept my law;
Deuteronomy 14:6	And every beast that parts the hoof, and separates the cleft into two claws, and chews the cud among the beasts, that you shall eat.
Genesis 16:6	But Abram said to Sarai, Behold, your maid is in your hand; do to her as it pleases you. And when Sarai dealt hardly with her, she fled from her face.
Joshua 20:4	And when he that does flee to one of those cities shall stand at the entering of the gate of the city, and shall declare his cause in the ears of the elders of that city, they shall take him into the city to them, and give him a place, that he may dwell among them.
Acts 26:13	At midday, O king, I saw in the way a light from heaven, above the brightness of the sun, shining round about me and them which journeyed with me.
Daniel 3:10	You, O king, have made a decree, that every man that shall hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and dulcimer, and all kinds of music, shall fall down and worship the golden image:
Matthew 26:45	Then comes he to his disciples, and said to them, Sleep on now, and take your rest: behold, the hour is at hand, and the Son of man is betrayed into the hands of sinners.
1 Corinthians 15:34	Awake to righteousness, and sin not; for some have not the knowledge of God: I speak this to your shame.
Numbers 7:67	His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:
Mark 11:15	And they come to Jerusalem: and Jesus went into the temple, and began to cast out them that sold and bought in the temple, and overthrew the tables of the moneychangers, and the seats of them that sold doves;
Galatians 3:26	For you are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus.
Exodus 38:25	And the silver of them that were numbered of the congregation was an hundred talents, and a thousand seven hundred and three score and fifteen shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary:
Hosea 9:12	Though they bring up their children, yet will I bereave them, that there shall not be a man left: yes, woe also to them when I depart from them!
Zechariah 11:9	Then said I, I will not feed you: that that dies, let it die; and that that is to be cut off, let it be cut off; and let the rest eat every one the flesh of another.
Luke 1:31	And, behold, you shall conceive in your womb, and bring forth a son, and shall call his name JESUS.
Joshua 6:25	And Joshua saved Rahab the harlot alive, and her father’s household, and all that she had; and she dwells in Israel even to this day; because she hid the messengers, which Joshua sent to spy out Jericho.
Nehemiah 4:3	Now Tobiah the Ammonite was by him, and he said, Even that which they build, if a fox go up, he shall even break down their stone wall.
Ecclesiastes 5:2	Be not rash with your mouth, and let not your heart be hasty to utter any thing before God: for God is in heaven, and you on earth: therefore let your words be few.
Genesis 39:14	That she called to the men of her house, and spoke to them, saying, See, he has brought in an Hebrew to us to mock us; he came in to me to lie with me, and I cried with a loud voice:
Numbers 31:44	And thirty and six thousand beeves,
1 Corinthians 15:42	So also is the resurrection of the dead. It is sown in corruption; it is raised in incorruption:
1 Samuel 31:2	And the Philistines followed hard on Saul and on his sons; and the Philistines slew Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Melchishua, Saul’s sons.
Judges 5:23	Curse you Meroz, said the angel of the LORD, curse you bitterly the inhabitants thereof; because they came not to the help of the LORD, to the help of the LORD against the mighty.
1 Chronicles 7:1	Now the sons of Issachar were, Tola, and Puah, Jashub, and Shimrom, four.
Mark 11:31	And they reasoned with themselves, saying, If we shall say, From heaven; he will say, Why then did you not believe him?
2 Chronicles 26:2	He built Eloth, and restored it to Judah, after that the king slept with his fathers.
Genesis 26:20	And the herdsmen of Gerar did strive with Isaac’s herdsmen, saying, The water is ours: and he called the name of the well Esek; because they strove with him.
Acts 15:29	That you abstain from meats offered to idols, and from blood, and from things strangled, and from fornication: from which if you keep yourselves, you shall do well. Fare you well.
Luke 24:21	But we trusted that it had been he which should have redeemed Israel: and beside all this, to day is the third day since these things were done.
Mark 9:16	And he asked the scribes, What question you with them?
Isaiah 45:2	I will go before you, and make the crooked places straight: I will break in pieces the gates of brass, and cut in sunder the bars of iron:
Genesis 8:14	And in the second month, on the seven and twentieth day of the month, was the earth dried.
1 Samuel 12:9	And when they forgot the LORD their God, he sold them into the hand of Sisera, captain of the host of Hazor, and into the hand of the Philistines, and into the hand of the king of Moab, and they fought against them.
Psalm 103:7	He made known his ways to Moses, his acts to the children of Israel.
2 Peter 1:2	Grace and peace be multiplied to you through the knowledge of God, and of Jesus our Lord,
Joshua 21:5	And the rest of the children of Kohath had by lot out of the families of the tribe of Ephraim, and out of the tribe of Dan, and out of the half tribe of Manasseh, ten cities.
1 Corinthians 14:33	For God is not the author of confusion, but of peace, as in all churches of the saints.
Proverbs 3:34	Surely he scorns the scorners: but he gives grace to the lowly.
Ezekiel 16:24	That you have also built to you an eminent place, and have made you an high place in every street.
John 9:17	They say to the blind man again, What say you of him, that he has opened your eyes? He said, He is a prophet.
Exodus 2:4	And his sister stood afar off, to wit what would be done to him.
Zephaniah 1:11	Howl, you inhabitants of Maktesh, for all the merchant people are cut down; all they that bear silver are cut off.
Ezekiel 4:17	That they may want bread and water, and be astonished one with another, and consume away for their iniquity.
1 John 5:11	And this is the record, that God has given to us eternal life, and this life is in his Son.
2 John 1:7	For many deceivers are entered into the world, who confess not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh. This is a deceiver and an antichrist.
2 Chronicles 14:1	So Abijah slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city of David: and Asa his son reigned in his stead. In his days the land was quiet ten years.
Luke 6:22	Blessed are you, when men shall hate you, and when they shall separate you from their company, and shall reproach you, and cast out your name as evil, for the Son of man’s sake.
1 Samuel 12:20	And Samuel said to the people, Fear not: you have done all this wickedness: yet turn not aside from following the LORD, but serve the LORD with all your heart;
1 Corinthians 6:12	All things are lawful to me, but all things are not expedient: all things are lawful for me, but I will not be brought under the power of any.
Revelation 12:12	Therefore rejoice, you heavens, and you that dwell in them. Woe to the inhabitants of the earth and of the sea! for the devil is come down to you, having great wrath, because he knows that he has but a short time.
Acts 1:19	And it was known to all the dwellers at Jerusalem; so as that field is called in their proper tongue, Aceldama, that is to say, The field of blood.
Isaiah 30:15	For thus said the Lord GOD, the Holy One of Israel; In returning and rest shall you be saved; in quietness and in confidence shall be your strength: and you would not.
Acts 10:45	And they of the circumcision which believed were astonished, as many as came with Peter, because that on the Gentiles also was poured out the gift of the Holy Ghost.
Mark 5:29	And straightway the fountain of her blood was dried up; and she felt in her body that she was healed of that plague.
Proverbs 16:28	A fraudulent man sows strife: and a whisperer separates chief friends.
Isaiah 6:7	And he laid it on my mouth, and said, See, this has touched your lips; and your iniquity is taken away, and your sin purged.
1 Chronicles 23:1	So when David was old and full of days, he made Solomon his son king over Israel.
Leviticus 18:12	You shall not uncover the nakedness of your father’s sister: she is your father’s near kinswoman.
Numbers 11:12	Have I conceived all this people? have I begotten them, that you should say to me, Carry them in your bosom, as a nursing father bears the sucking child, to the land which you swore to their fathers?
Ezekiel 29:2	Son of man, set your face against Pharaoh king of Egypt, and prophesy against him, and against all Egypt:
Lamentations 3:16	He has also broken my teeth with gravel stones, he has covered me with ashes.
Zechariah 6:14	And the crowns shall be to Helem, and to Tobijah, and to Jedaiah, and to Hen the son of Zephaniah, for a memorial in the temple of the LORD.
Leviticus 26:6	And I will give peace in the land, and you shall lie down, and none shall make you afraid: and I will rid evil beasts out of the land, neither shall the sword go through your land.
2 Timothy 4:18	And the Lord shall deliver me from every evil work, and will preserve me to his heavenly kingdom: to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.
Proverbs 1:31	Therefore shall they eat of the fruit of their own way, and be filled with their own devices.
2 Chronicles 16:7	And at that time Hanani the seer came to Asa king of Judah, and said to him, Because you have relied on the king of Syria, and not relied on the LORD your God, therefore is the host of the king of Syria escaped out of your hand.
Hebrews 7:23	And they truly were many priests, because they were not suffered to continue by reason of death:
Genesis 23:9	That he may give me the cave of Machpelah, which he has, which is in the end of his field; for as much money as it is worth he shall give it me for a possession of a burial plot among you.
Daniel 5:8	Then came in all the king’s wise men: but they could not read the writing, nor make known to the king the interpretation thereof.
Jeremiah 12:8	My heritage is to me as a lion in the forest; it cries out against me: therefore have I hated it.
Isaiah 29:9	Stay yourselves, and wonder; cry you out, and cry: they are drunken, but not with wine; they stagger, but not with strong drink.
John 18:23	Jesus answered him, If I have spoken evil, bear witness of the evil: but if well, why smite you me?
2 Chronicles 3:1	Then Solomon began to build the house of the LORD at Jerusalem in mount Moriah, where the Lord appeared to David his father, in the place that David had prepared in the threshing floor of Ornan the Jebusite.
Numbers 11:3	And he called the name of the place Taberah: because the fire of the LORD burnt among them.
1 Kings 11:29	And it came to pass at that time when Jeroboam went out of Jerusalem, that the prophet Ahijah the Shilonite found him in the way; and he had clad himself with a new garment; and they two were alone in the field:
1 Kings 11:1	But king Solomon loved many strange women, together with the daughter of Pharaoh, women of the Moabites, Ammonites, Edomites, Zidonians, and Hittites:
Luke 24:49	And, behold, I send the promise of my Father on you: but tarry you in the city of Jerusalem, until you be endued with power from on high.
Jeremiah 27:20	Which Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon took not, when he carried away captive Jeconiah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah from Jerusalem to Babylon, and all the nobles of Judah and Jerusalem;
Leviticus 7:23	Speak to the children of Israel, saying, You shall eat no manner of fat, of ox, or of sheep, or of goat.
1 Chronicles 8:10	And Jeuz, and Shachia, and Mirma. These were his sons, heads of the fathers.
Luke 3:9	And now also the ax is laid to the root of the trees: every tree therefore which brings not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.
Isaiah 53:1	Who has believed our report? and to whom is the arm of the LORD revealed?
Psalm 51:10	Create in me a clean heart, O God; and renew a right spirit within me.
Exodus 40:12	And you shall bring Aaron and his sons to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and wash them with water.
1 Peter 3:6	Even as Sara obeyed Abraham, calling him lord: whose daughters you are, as long as you do well, and are not afraid with any amazement.
Ezekiel 37:25	And they shall dwell in the land that I have given to Jacob my servant, wherein your fathers have dwelled; and they shall dwell therein, even they, and their children, and their children’s children for ever: and my servant David shall be their prince for ever.
Jeremiah 38:4	Therefore the princes said to the king, We beseech you, let this man be put to death: for thus he weakens the hands of the men of war that remain in this city, and the hands of all the people, in speaking such words to them: for this man seeks not the welfare of this people, but the hurt.
Genesis 36:36	And Hadad died, and Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead.
Psalm 115:17	The dead praise not the LORD, neither any that go down into silence.
Isaiah 59:13	In transgressing and lying against the LORD, and departing away from our God, speaking oppression and revolt, conceiving and uttering from the heart words of falsehood.
Genesis 33:8	And he said, What mean you by all this drove which I met? And he said, These are to find grace in the sight of my lord.
Job 30:30	My skin is black on me, and my bones are burned with heat.
Matthew 18:28	But the same servant went out, and found one of his fellow servants, which owed him an hundred pence: and he laid hands on him, and took him by the throat, saying, Pay me that you owe.
Psalm 106:36	And they served their idols: which were a snare to them.
Genesis 33:9	And Esau said, I have enough, my brother; keep that you have to yourself.
Luke 20:39	Then certain of the scribes answering said, Master, you have well said.
Exodus 16:28	And the LORD said to Moses, How long refuse you to keep my commandments and my laws?
Deuteronomy 34:1	And Moses went up from the plains of Moab to the mountain of Nebo, to the top of Pisgah, that is over against Jericho. And the LORD showed him all the land of Gilead, to Dan,
Luke 19:26	For I say to you, That to every one which has shall be given; and from him that has not, even that he has shall be taken away from him.
Zechariah 11:14	Then I cut asunder my other staff, even Bands, that I might break the brotherhood between Judah and Israel.
Ephesians 2:1	And you has he quickened, who were dead in trespasses and sins;
Numbers 32:35	And Atroth, Shophan, and Jaazer, and Jogbehah,
1 Peter 2:5	You also, as lively stones, are built up a spiritual house, an holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices, acceptable to God by Jesus Christ.
2 Kings 19:10	Thus shall you speak to Hezekiah king of Judah, saying, Let not your God in whom you trust deceive you, saying, Jerusalem shall not be delivered into the hand of the king of Assyria.
Nehemiah 7:26	The men of Bethlehem and Netophah, an hundred fourscore and eight.
Leviticus 14:43	And if the plague come again, and break out in the house, after that he has taken away the stones, and after he has scraped the house, and after it is plastered;
1 Chronicles 2:44	And Shema begat Raham, the father of Jorkoam: and Rekem begat Shammai.
Genesis 22:5	And Abraham said to his young men, Abide you here with the ass; and I and the lad will go yonder and worship, and come again to you.
Joshua 10:25	And Joshua said to them, Fear not, nor be dismayed, be strong and of good courage: for thus shall the LORD do to all your enemies against whom you fight.
Isaiah 26:19	Your dead men shall live, together with my dead body shall they arise. Awake and sing, you that dwell in dust: for your dew is as the dew of herbs, and the earth shall cast out the dead.
Numbers 3:26	And the hangings of the court, and the curtain for the door of the court, which is by the tabernacle, and by the altar round about, and the cords of it for all the service thereof.
Ezekiel 41:25	And there were made on them, on the doors of the temple, cherubim and palm trees, like as were made on the walls; and there were thick planks on the face of the porch without.
Deuteronomy 5:29	O that there were such an heart in them, that they would fear me, and keep all my commandments always, that it might be well with them, and with their children for ever!
Judges 5:21	The river of Kishon swept them away, that ancient river, the river Kishon. O my soul, you have trodden down strength.
2 Corinthians 12:6	For though I would desire to glory, I shall not be a fool; for I will say the truth: but now I forbear, lest any man should think of me above that which he sees me to be, or that he hears of me.
1 Chronicles 25:22	The fifteenth to Jeremoth, he, his sons, and his brothers, were twelve:
Proverbs 1:23	Turn you at my reproof: behold, I will pour out my spirit to you, I will make known my words to you.
Luke 1:14	And you shall have joy and gladness; and many shall rejoice at his birth.
Psalm 53:1	The fool has said in his heart, There is no God. Corrupt are they, and have done abominable iniquity: there is none that does good.
Romans 3:26	To declare, I say, at this time his righteousness: that he might be just, and the justifier of him which believes in Jesus.
Acts 11:22	Then tidings of these things came to the ears of the church which was in Jerusalem: and they sent forth Barnabas, that he should go as far as Antioch.
Jeremiah 51:18	They are vanity, the work of errors: in the time of their visitation they shall perish.
2 Samuel 12:6	And he shall restore the lamb fourfold, because he did this thing, and because he had no pity.
2 Chronicles 29:32	And the number of the burnt offerings, which the congregation brought, was three score and ten bullocks, an hundred rams, and two hundred lambs: all these were for a burnt offering to the LORD.
Genesis 10:2	The sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras.
Joshua 10:19	And stay you not, but pursue after your enemies, and smite the hindmost of them; suffer them not to enter into their cities: for the LORD your God has delivered them into your hand.
Judges 18:11	And there went from there of the family of the Danites, out of Zorah and out of Eshtaol, six hundred men appointed with weapons of war.
2 Chronicles 21:4	Now when Jehoram was risen up to the kingdom of his father, he strengthened himself, and slew all his brothers with the sword, and divers also of the princes of Israel.
Judges 20:37	And the liers in wait hurried, and rushed on Gibeah; and the liers in wait drew themselves along, and smote all the city with the edge of the sword.
1 Kings 8:51	For they be your people, and your inheritance, which you brought forth out of Egypt, from the middle of the furnace of iron:
Revelation 10:9	And I went to the angel, and said to him, Give me the little book. And he said to me, Take it, and eat it up; and it shall make your belly bitter, but it shall be in your mouth sweet as honey.
Jeremiah 6:17	Also I set watchmen over you, saying, Listen to the sound of the trumpet. But they said, We will not listen.
Matthew 11:16	But whereunto shall I liken this generation? It is like to children sitting in the markets, and calling to their fellows,
Ezekiel 11:3	Which say, It is not near; let us build houses: this city is the caldron, and we be the flesh.
Job 8:6	If you were pure and upright; surely now he would awake for you, and make the habitation of your righteousness prosperous.
Genesis 25:8	Then Abraham gave up the ghost, and died in a good old age, an old man, and full of years; and was gathered to his people.
Malachi 4:3	And you shall tread down the wicked; for they shall be ashes under the soles of your feet in the day that I shall do this, said the LORD of hosts.
Acts 10:24	And the morrow after they entered into Caesarea. And Cornelius waited for them, and he had called together his kinsmen and near friends.
Luke 19:25	(And they said to him, Lord, he has ten pounds.)
Psalm 105:35	And did eat up all the herbs in their land, and devoured the fruit of their ground.
Numbers 17:6	And Moses spoke to the children of Israel, and every one of their princes gave him a rod apiece, for each prince one, according to their fathers’ houses, even twelve rods: and the rod of Aaron was among their rods.
Acts 21:24	Them take, and purify yourself with them, and be at charges with them, that they may shave their heads: and all may know that those things, whereof they were informed concerning you, are nothing; but that you yourself also walk orderly, and keep the law.
Job 3:15	Or with princes that had gold, who filled their houses with silver:
Psalm 40:9	I have preached righteousness in the great congregation: see, I have not refrained my lips, O LORD, you know.
Ephesians 1:23	Which is his body, the fullness of him that fills all in all.
Job 20:10	His children shall seek to please the poor, and his hands shall restore their goods.
Acts 27:37	And we were in all in the ship two hundred three score and sixteen souls.
Daniel 3:30	Then the king promoted Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, in the province of Babylon.
2 Kings 5:18	In this thing the LORD pardon your servant, that when my master goes into the house of Rimmon to worship there, and he leans on my hand, and I bow myself in the house of Rimmon: when I bow down myself in the house of Rimmon, the LORD pardon your servant in this thing.
Nehemiah 7:56	The children of Neziah, the children of Hatipha.
Matthew 4:12	Now when Jesus had heard that John was cast into prison, he departed into Galilee;
2 Chronicles 35:19	In the eighteenth year of the reign of Josiah was this passover kept.
2 Samuel 19:25	And it came to pass, when he was come to Jerusalem to meet the king, that the king said to him, Why went not you with me, Mephibosheth?
Matthew 1:21	And she shall bring forth a son, and you shall call his name JESUS: for he shall save his people from their sins.
Zechariah 4:12	And I answered again, and said to him, What be these two olive branches which through the two golden pipes empty the golden oil out of themselves?
Genesis 17:7	And I will establish my covenant between me and you and your seed after you in their generations for an everlasting covenant, to be a God to you, and to your seed after you.
Isaiah 41:5	The isles saw it, and feared; the ends of the earth were afraid, drew near, and came.
1 Samuel 18:23	And Saul’s servants spoke those words in the ears of David. And David said, Seems it to you a light thing to be a king’s son in law, seeing that I am a poor man, and lightly esteemed?
1 Corinthians 2:1	And I, brothers, when I came to you, came not with excellency of speech or of wisdom, declaring to you the testimony of God.
1 Kings 15:24	And Asa slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Jehoshaphat his son reigned in his stead.
1 Kings 7:38	Then made he ten lavers of brass: one laver contained forty baths: and every laver was four cubits: and on every one of the ten bases one laver.
Joshua 15:36	And Sharaim, and Adithaim, and Gederah, and Gederothaim; fourteen cities with their villages:
2 Kings 18:28	Then Rabshakeh stood and cried with a loud voice in the Jews’ language, and spoke, saying, Hear the word of the great king, the king of Assyria:
1 Chronicles 6:61	And to the sons of Kohath, which were left of the family of that tribe, were cities given out of the half tribe, namely, out of the half tribe of Manasseh, by lot, ten cities.
John 20:23	Whose soever sins you remit, they are remitted to them; and whose soever sins you retain, they are retained.
Numbers 7:76	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
Jeremiah 48:34	From the cry of Heshbon even to Elealeh, and even to Jahaz, have they uttered their voice, from Zoar even to Horonaim, as an heifer of three years old: for the waters also of Nimrim shall be desolate.
Job 41:6	Shall the companions make a banquet of him? shall they part him among the merchants?
Psalm 17:8	Keep me as the apple of the eye, hide me under the shadow of your wings,
Exodus 4:11	And the LORD said to him, Who has made man’s mouth? or who makes the dumb, or deaf, or the seeing, or the blind? have not I the LORD?
Lamentations 2:2	The LORD has swallowed up all the habitations of Jacob, and has not pitied: he has thrown down in his wrath the strong holds of the daughter of Judah; he has brought them down to the ground: he has polluted the kingdom and the princes thereof.
Ezekiel 23:39	For when they had slain their children to their idols, then they came the same day into my sanctuary to profane it; and, see, thus have they done in the middle of my house.
Ezekiel 7:22	My face will I turn also from them, and they shall pollute my secret place: for the robbers shall enter into it, and defile it.
Hosea 11:12	Ephraim compasses me about with lies, and the house of Israel with deceit: but Judah yet rules with God, and is faithful with the saints.
1 Corinthians 9:4	Have we not power to eat and to drink?
Genesis 14:13	And there came one that had escaped, and told Abram the Hebrew; for he dwelled in the plain of Mamre the Amorite, brother of Eshcol, and brother of Aner: and these were confederate with Abram.
Proverbs 30:30	A lion which is strongest among beasts, and turns not away for any;
Psalm 143:7	Hear me speedily, O LORD: my spirit fails: hide not your face from me, lest I be like to them that go down into the pit.
2 Thessalonians 3:1	Finally, brothers, pray for us, that the word of the Lord may have free course, and be glorified, even as it is with you:
1 Corinthians 12:31	But covet earnestly the best gifts: and yet show I to you a more excellent way.
Nehemiah 1:8	Remember, I beseech you, the word that you commanded your servant Moses, saying, If you transgress, I will scatter you abroad among the nations:
Luke 12:48	But he that knew not, and did commit things worthy of stripes, shall be beaten with few stripes. For to whomsoever much is given, of him shall be much required: and to whom men have committed much, of him they will ask the more.
2 Chronicles 10:10	And the young men that were brought up with him spoke to him, saying, Thus shall you answer the people that spoke to you, saying, Your father made our yoke heavy, but make you it somewhat lighter for us; thus shall you say to them, My little finger shall be thicker than my father’s loins.
Exodus 2:3	And when she could not longer hide him, she took for him an ark of bulrushes, and daubed it with slime and with pitch, and put the child therein; and she laid it in the flags by the river’s brink.
2 Samuel 22:28	And the afflicted people you will save: but your eyes are on the haughty, that you may bring them down.
Jeremiah 11:10	They are turned back to the iniquities of their forefathers, which refused to hear my words; and they went after other gods to serve them: the house of Israel and the house of Judah have broken my covenant which I made with their fathers.
Job 6:14	To him that is afflicted pity should be showed from his friend; but he forsakes the fear of the Almighty.
1 Samuel 22:5	And the prophet Gad said to David, Abide not in the hold; depart, and get you into the land of Judah. Then David departed, and came into the forest of Hareth.
1 Samuel 18:25	And Saul said, Thus shall you say to David, The king desires not any dowry, but an hundred foreskins of the Philistines, to be avenged of the king’s enemies. But Saul thought to make David fall by the hand of the Philistines.
1 Kings 7:35	And in the top of the base was there a round compass of half a cubit high: and on the top of the base the ledges thereof and the borders thereof were of the same.
Ezra 10:28	Of the sons also of Bebai; Jehohanan, Hananiah, Zabbai, and Athlai.
Esther 8:14	So the posts that rode on mules and camels went out, being hastened and pressed on by the king’s commandment. And the decree was given at Shushan the palace.
2 Chronicles 4:13	And four hundred pomegranates on the two wreaths; two rows of pomegranates on each wreath, to cover the two pommels of the capitals which were on the pillars.
Isaiah 4:2	In that day shall the branch of the LORD be beautiful and glorious, and the fruit of the earth shall be excellent and comely for them that are escaped of Israel.
Hebrews 5:14	But strong meat belongs to them that are of full age, even those who by reason of use have their senses exercised to discern both good and evil.
Proverbs 10:25	As the whirlwind passes, so is the wicked no more: but the righteous is an everlasting foundation.
Exodus 10:8	And Moses and Aaron were brought again to Pharaoh: and he said to them, Go, serve the LORD your God: but who are they that shall go?
Lamentations 3:40	Let us search and try our ways, and turn again to the LORD.
Proverbs 25:10	Lest he that hears it put you to shame, and your infamy turn not away.
Jeremiah 51:17	Every man is brutish by his knowledge; every founder is confounded by the graven image: for his molten image is falsehood, and there is no breath in them.
Genesis 45:8	So now it was not you that sent me here, but God: and he has made me a father to Pharaoh, and lord of all his house, and a ruler throughout all the land of Egypt.
Psalm 105:18	Whose feet they hurt with fetters: he was laid in iron:
1 Samuel 18:19	But it came to pass at the time when Merab Saul’s daughter should have been given to David, that she was given to Adriel the Meholathite to wife.
Numbers 16:25	And Moses rose up and went to Dathan and Abiram; and the elders of Israel followed him.
Deuteronomy 28:47	Because you served not the LORD your God with joyfulness, and with gladness of heart, for the abundance of all things;
1 John 5:10	He that believes on the Son of God has the witness in himself: he that believes not God has made him a liar; because he believes not the record that God gave of his Son.
Judges 11:26	While Israel dwelled in Heshbon and her towns, and in Aroer and her towns, and in all the cities that be along by the coasts of Arnon, three hundred years? why therefore did you not recover them within that time?
1 Corinthians 1:4	I thank my God always on your behalf, for the grace of God which is given you by Jesus Christ;
Judges 3:23	Then Ehud went forth through the porch, and shut the doors of the parlor on him, and locked them.
1 Corinthians 14:31	For you may all prophesy one by one, that all may learn, and all may be comforted.
2 Chronicles 6:29	Then what prayer or what supplication soever shall be made of any man, or of all your people Israel, when every one shall know his own sore and his own grief, and shall spread forth his hands in this house:
Lamentations 3:1	I AM the man that has seen affliction by the rod of his wrath.
Isaiah 37:20	Now therefore, O LORD our God, save us from his hand, that all the kingdoms of the earth may know that you are the LORD, even you only.
Romans 10:11	For the scripture said, Whoever believes on him shall not be ashamed.
1 Kings 9:3	And the LORD said to him, I have heard your prayer and your supplication, that you have made before me: I have hallowed this house, which you have built, to put my name there for ever; and my eyes and my heart shall be there perpetually.
Obadiah 1:3	The pride of your heart has deceived you, you that dwell in the clefts of the rock, whose habitation is high; that said in his heart, Who shall bring me down to the ground?
Genesis 48:7	And as for me, when I came from Padan, Rachel died by me in the land of Canaan in the way, when yet there was but a little way to come to Ephrath: and I buried her there in the way of Ephrath; the same is Bethlehem.
Proverbs 29:2	When the righteous are in authority, the people rejoice: but when the wicked bears rule, the people mourn.
John 18:14	Now Caiaphas was he, which gave counsel to the Jews, that it was expedient that one man should die for the people.
2 Samuel 19:37	Let your servant, I pray you, turn back again, that I may die in my own city, and be buried by the grave of my father and of my mother. But behold your servant Chimham; let him go over with my lord the king; and do to him what shall seem good to you.
Ephesians 1:6	To the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he has made us accepted in the beloved.
Acts 22:17	And it came to pass, that, when I was come again to Jerusalem, even while I prayed in the temple, I was in a trance;
Ezekiel 22:7	In you have they set light by father and mother: in the middle of you have they dealt by oppression with the stranger: in you have they vexed the fatherless and the widow.
Revelation 7:9	After this I beheld, and, see, a great multitude, which no man could number, of all nations, and kindreds, and people, and tongues, stood before the throne, and before the Lamb, clothed with white robes, and palms in their hands;
Daniel 6:22	My God has sent his angel, and has shut the lions’ mouths, that they have not hurt me: for as much as before him innocence was found in me; and also before you, O king, have I done no hurt.
Psalm 18:35	You have also given me the shield of your salvation: and your right hand has held me up, and your gentleness has made me great.
Psalm 6:2	Have mercy on me, O LORD; for I am weak: O LORD, heal me; for my bones are vexed.
Psalm 31:4	Pull me out of the net that they have laid privately for me: for you are my strength.
Psalm 91:14	Because he has set his love on me, therefore will I deliver him: I will set him on high, because he has known my name.
Deuteronomy 16:9	Seven weeks shall you number to you: begin to number the seven weeks from such time as you begin to put the sickle to the corn.
Matthew 17:11	And Jesus answered and said to them, Elias truly shall first come, and restore all things.
Numbers 32:40	And Moses gave Gilead to Machir the son of Manasseh; and he dwelled therein.
Isaiah 32:15	Until the spirit be poured on us from on high, and the wilderness be a fruitful field, and the fruitful field be counted for a forest.
Acts 6:9	Then there arose certain of the synagogue, which is called the synagogue of the Libertines, and Cyrenians, and Alexandrians, and of them of Cilicia and of Asia, disputing with Stephen.
Job 10:12	You have granted me life and favor, and your visitation has preserved my spirit.
Exodus 5:7	You shall no more give the people straw to make brick, as heretofore: let them go and gather straw for themselves.
2 Corinthians 8:7	Therefore, as you abound in every thing, in faith, and utterance, and knowledge, and in all diligence, and in your love to us, see that you abound in this grace also.
Psalm 6:6	I am weary with my groaning; all the night make I my bed to swim; I water my couch with my tears.
Numbers 1:38	Of the children of Dan, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Isaiah 34:5	For my sword shall be bathed in heaven: behold, it shall come down on Idumea, and on the people of my curse, to judgment.
Psalm 94:8	Understand, you brutish among the people: and you fools, when will you be wise?
Jude 1:17	But, beloved, remember you the words which were spoken before of the apostles of our Lord Jesus Christ;
Luke 4:31	And came down to Capernaum, a city of Galilee, and taught them on the sabbath days.
John 7:45	Then came the officers to the chief priests and Pharisees; and they said to them, Why have you not brought him?
Psalm 48:8	As we have heard, so have we seen in the city of the LORD of hosts, in the city of our God: God will establish it for ever. Selah.
Hebrews 7:5	And truly they that are of the sons of Levi, who receive the office of the priesthood, have a commandment to take tithes of the people according to the law, that is, of their brothers, though they come out of the loins of Abraham:
Numbers 16:50	And Aaron returned to Moses to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation: and the plague was stayed.
Exodus 22:15	But if the owner thereof be with it, he shall not make it good: if it be an hired thing, it came for his hire.
Romans 8:26	Likewise the Spirit also helps our infirmities: for we know not what we should pray for as we ought: but the Spirit itself makes intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered.
Psalm 139:9	If I take the wings of the morning, and dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea;
2 Kings 24:1	In his days Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up, and Jehoiakim became his servant three years: then he turned and rebelled against him.
Numbers 8:6	Take the Levites from among the children of Israel, and cleanse them.
Numbers 27:11	And if his father have no brothers, then you shall give his inheritance to his kinsman that is next to him of his family, and he shall possess it: and it shall be to the children of Israel a statute of judgment, as the LORD commanded Moses.
Job 20:14	Yet his meat in his bowels is turned, it is the gall of asps within him.
Jeremiah 35:6	But they said, We will drink no wine: for Jonadab the son of Rechab our father commanded us, saying, You shall drink no wine, neither you, nor your sons for ever:
Psalm 55:2	Attend to me, and hear me: I mourn in my complaint, and make a noise;
Psalm 81:5	This he ordained in Joseph for a testimony, when he went out through the land of Egypt: where I heard a language that I understood not.
John 8:54	Jesus answered, If I honor myself, my honor is nothing: it is my Father that honors me; of whom you say, that he is your God:
Ecclesiastes 12:7	Then shall the dust return to the earth as it was: and the spirit shall return to God who gave it.
Revelation 13:12	And he excercises all the power of the first beast before him, and causes the earth and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed.
Jeremiah 48:44	He that flees from the fear shall fall into the pit; and he that gets up out of the pit shall be taken in the snare: for I will bring on it, even on Moab, the year of their visitation, said the LORD.
Leviticus 26:41	And that I also have walked contrary to them, and have brought them into the land of their enemies; if then their uncircumcised hearts be humbled, and they then accept of the punishment of their iniquity:
2 Kings 15:8	In the thirty and eighth year of Azariah king of Judah did Zachariah the son of Jeroboam reign over Israel in Samaria six months.
Acts 11:18	When they heard these things, they held their peace, and glorified God, saying, Then has God also to the Gentiles granted repentance to life.
1 Chronicles 1:44	And when Bela was dead, Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his stead.
Luke 3:5	Every valley shall be filled, and every mountain and hill shall be brought low; and the crooked shall be made straight, and the rough ways shall be made smooth;
Numbers 20:13	This is the water of Meribah; because the children of Israel strove with the LORD, and he was sanctified in them.
Matthew 9:20	And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:
Genesis 24:53	And the servant brought forth jewels of silver, and jewels of gold, and raiment, and gave them to Rebekah: he gave also to her brother and to her mother precious things.
1 Corinthians 10:5	But with many of them God was not well pleased: for they were overthrown in the wilderness.
Isaiah 13:21	But wild beasts of the desert shall lie there; and their houses shall be full of doleful creatures; and owls shall dwell there, and satyrs shall dance there.
Acts 13:18	And about the time of forty years suffered he their manners in the wilderness.
2 Kings 23:26	Notwithstanding the LORD turned not from the fierceness of his great wrath, with which his anger was kindled against Judah, because of all the provocations that Manasseh had provoked him with.
2 Kings 25:21	And the king of Babylon smote them, and slew them at Riblah in the land of Hamath. So Judah was carried away out of their land.
Leviticus 24:13	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 20:12	And the LORD spoke to Moses and Aaron, Because you believed me not, to sanctify me in the eyes of the children of Israel, therefore you shall not bring this congregation into the land which I have given them.
Ezekiel 41:16	The door posts, and the narrow windows, and the galleries round about on their three stories, over against the door, paneled with wood round about, and from the ground up to the windows, and the windows were covered;
1 Corinthians 10:31	Whether therefore you eat, or drink, or whatever you do, do all to the glory of God.
Joshua 19:3	And Hazarshual, and Balah, and Azem,
Ezekiel 16:43	Because you have not remembered the days of your youth, but have fretted me in all these things; behold, therefore I also will recompense your way on your head, said the Lord GOD: and you shall not commit this lewdness above all your abominations.
Genesis 1:15	And let them be for lights in the firmament of the heaven to give light on the earth: and it was so.
Job 28:4	The flood breaks out from the inhabitant; even the waters forgotten of the foot: they are dried up, they are gone away from men.
Psalm 14:1	The fool has said in his heart, There is no God. They are corrupt, they have done abominable works, there is none that does good.
Hosea 11:11	They shall tremble as a bird out of Egypt, and as a dove out of the land of Assyria: and I will place them in their houses, said the LORD.
Isaiah 22:4	Therefore said I, Look away from me; I will weep bitterly, labor not to comfort me, because of the spoiling of the daughter of my people.
Hebrews 13:1	Let brotherly love continue.
Proverbs 13:18	Poverty and shame shall be to him that refuses instruction: but he that regards reproof shall be honored.
1 Corinthians 10:18	Behold Israel after the flesh: are not they which eat of the sacrifices partakers of the altar?
1 Kings 8:3	And all the elders of Israel came, and the priests took up the ark.
3 John 1:7	Because that for his name’s sake they went forth, taking nothing of the Gentiles.
Nehemiah 12:25	Mattaniah, and Bakbukiah, Obadiah, Meshullam, Talmon, Akkub, were porters keeping the ward at the thresholds of the gates.
Psalm 40:5	Many, O LORD my God, are your wonderful works which you have done, and your thoughts which are to us-ward: they cannot be reckoned up in order to you: if I would declare and speak of them, they are more than can be numbered.
Matthew 24:40	Then shall two be in the field; the one shall be taken, and the other left.
Leviticus 19:29	Do not prostitute your daughter, to cause her to be a whore; lest the land fall to prostitution, and the land become full of wickedness.
Deuteronomy 33:21	And he provided the first part for himself, because there, in a portion of the lawgiver, was he seated; and he came with the heads of the people, he executed the justice of the LORD, and his judgments with Israel.
Zechariah 5:2	And he said to me, What see you? And I answered, I see a flying roll; the length thereof is twenty cubits, and the breadth thereof ten cubits.
Psalm 50:17	Seeing you hate instruction, and casts my words behind you.
1 Chronicles 24:26	The sons of Merari were Mahli and Mushi: the sons of Jaaziah; Beno.
1 Kings 4:9	The son of Dekar, in Makaz, and in Shaalbim, and Bethshemesh, and Elonbethhanan:
Isaiah 48:9	For my name’s sake will I defer my anger, and for my praise will I refrain for you, that I cut you not off.
Revelation 14:10	The same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb:
Judges 11:8	And the elders of Gilead said to Jephthah, Therefore we turn again to you now, that you may go with us, and fight against the children of Ammon, and be our head over all the inhabitants of Gilead.
Philippians 1:23	For I am in a strait between two, having a desire to depart, and to be with Christ; which is far better:
Proverbs 13:23	Much food is in the tillage of the poor: but there is that is destroyed for want of judgment.
Leviticus 19:2	Speak to all the congregation of the children of Israel, and say to them, You shall be holy: for I the LORD your God am holy.
Zechariah 4:5	Then the angel that talked with me answered and said to me, Know you not what these be? And I said, No, my lord.
Psalm 37:23	The steps of a good man are ordered by the LORD: and he delights in his way.
Psalm 140:4	Keep me, O LORD, from the hands of the wicked; preserve me from the violent man; who have purposed to overthrow my goings.
Mark 8:28	And they answered, John the Baptist; but some say, Elias; and others, One of the prophets.
Exodus 7:6	And Moses and Aaron did as the LORD commanded them, so did they.
Proverbs 1:9	For they shall be an ornament of grace to your head, and chains about your neck.
Micah 1:5	For the transgression of Jacob is all this, and for the sins of the house of Israel. What is the transgression of Jacob? is it not Samaria? and what are the high places of Judah? are they not Jerusalem?
Job 32:22	For I know not to give flattering titles; in so doing my maker would soon take me away.
Leviticus 11:26	The carcasses of every beast which divides the hoof, and is not cloven footed, nor chews the cud, are unclean to you: every one that touches them shall be unclean.
2 Timothy 3:14	But continue you in the things which you have learned and have been assured of, knowing of whom you have learned them;
Job 6:21	For now you are nothing; you see my casting down, and are afraid.
Matthew 12:26	And if Satan cast out Satan, he is divided against himself; how shall then his kingdom stand?
1 John 3:24	And he that keeps his commandments dwells in him, and he in him. And hereby we know that he stays in us, by the Spirit which he has given us.
Jeremiah 7:8	Behold, you trust in lying words, that cannot profit.
1 Peter 2:21	For even hereunto were you called: because Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an example, that you should follow his steps:
Esther 2:18	Then the king made a great feast to all his princes and his servants, even Esther’s feast; and he made a release to the provinces, and gave gifts, according to the state of the king.
Psalm 140:2	Which imagine mischiefs in their heart; continually are they gathered together for war.
Acts 20:14	And when he met with us at Assos, we took him in, and came to Mitylene.
Ezekiel 16:17	You have also taken your fair jewels of my gold and of my silver, which I had given you, and made to yourself images of men, and did commit prostitution with them,
Proverbs 14:20	The poor is hated even of his own neighbor: but the rich has many friends.
2 Chronicles 11:2	But the word of the LORD came to Shemaiah the man of God, saying,
Psalm 109:17	As he loved cursing, so let it come to him: as he delighted not in blessing, so let it be far from him.
Ezekiel 40:18	And the pavement by the side of the gates over against the length of the gates was the lower pavement.
Exodus 8:21	Else, if you will not let my people go, behold, I will send swarms of flies on you, and on your servants, and on your people, and into your houses: and the houses of the Egyptians shall be full of swarms of flies, and also the ground where on they are.
Psalm 78:48	He gave up their cattle also to the hail, and their flocks to hot thunderbolts.
1 Kings 8:14	And the king turned his face about, and blessed all the congregation of Israel: (and all the congregation of Israel stood;)
Deuteronomy 29:22	So that the generation to come of your children that shall rise up after you, and the stranger that shall come from a far land, shall say, when they see the plagues of that land, and the sicknesses which the LORD has laid on it;
Mark 10:48	And many charged him that he should hold his peace: but he cried the more a great deal, You son of David, have mercy on me.
Acts 12:25	And Barnabas and Saul returned from Jerusalem, when they had fulfilled their ministry, and took with them John, whose surname was Mark.
Deuteronomy 27:26	Cursed be he that confirms not all the words of this law to do them. And all the people shall say, Amen.
Psalm 80:1	Give ear, O Shepherd of Israel, you that lead Joseph like a flock; you that dwell between the cherubim, shine forth.
Leviticus 11:18	And the swan, and the pelican, and the gier eagle,
Luke 1:53	He has filled the hungry with good things; and the rich he has sent empty away.
Deuteronomy 29:6	You have not eaten bread, neither have you drunk wine or strong drink: that you might know that I am the LORD your God.
Ephesians 3:6	That the Gentiles should be fellow heirs, and of the same body, and partakers of his promise in Christ by the gospel:
Judges 19:26	Then came the woman in the dawning of the day, and fell down at the door of the man’s house where her lord was, till it was light.
Ezra 10:41	Azareel, and Shelemiah, Shemariah,
Luke 1:10	And the whole multitude of the people were praying without at the time of incense.
Jeremiah 50:12	Your mother shall be sore confounded; she that bore you shall be ashamed: behold, the last of the nations shall be a wilderness, a dry land, and a desert.
1 Samuel 27:1	And David said in his heart, I shall now perish one day by the hand of Saul: there is nothing better for me than that I should speedily escape into the land of the Philistines; and Saul shall despair of me, to seek me any more in any coast of Israel: so shall I escape out of his hand.
1 Peter 1:18	For as much as you know that you were not redeemed with corruptible things, as silver and gold, from your vain conversation received by tradition from your fathers;
Psalm 69:28	Let them be blotted out of the book of the living, and not be written with the righteous.
Psalm 42:4	When I remember these things, I pour out my soul in me: for I had gone with the multitude, I went with them to the house of God, with the voice of joy and praise, with a multitude that kept holy day.
Deuteronomy 28:31	Your ox shall be slain before your eyes, and you shall not eat thereof: your ass shall be violently taken away from before your face, and shall not be restored to you: your sheep shall be given to your enemies, and you shall have none to rescue them.
Galatians 2:7	But contrariwise, when they saw that the gospel of the uncircumcision was committed to me, as the gospel of the circumcision was to Peter;
Mark 15:27	And with him they crucify two thieves; the one on his right hand, and the other on his left.
Deuteronomy 14:9	These you shall eat of all that are in the waters: all that have fins and scales shall you eat:
Revelation 22:3	And there shall be no more curse: but the throne of God and of the Lamb shall be in it; and his servants shall serve him:
Matthew 19:20	The young man said to him, All these things have I kept from my youth up: what lack I yet?
1 Chronicles 27:29	And over the herds that fed in Sharon was Shitrai the Sharonite: and over the herds that were in the valleys was Shaphat the son of Adlai:
Jeremiah 4:30	And when you are spoiled, what will you do? Though you clothe yourself with crimson, though you deck you with ornaments of gold, though you rend your face with painting, in vain shall you make yourself fair; your lovers will despise you, they will seek your life.
Numbers 32:10	And the LORD’s anger was kindled the same time, and he swore, saying,
Ezekiel 22:11	And one has committed abomination with his neighbor’s wife; and another has lewdly defiled his daughter in law; and another in you has humbled his sister, his father’s daughter.
Isaiah 54:13	And all your children shall be taught of the LORD; and great shall be the peace of your children.
Nehemiah 3:14	But the dung gate repaired Malchiah the son of Rechab, the ruler of part of Bethhaccerem; he built it, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof.
Ephesians 2:5	Even when we were dead in sins, has quickened us together with Christ, (by grace you are saved;)
Exodus 36:29	And they were coupled beneath, and coupled together at the head thereof, to one ring: thus he did to both of them in both the corners.
Psalm 69:10	When I wept, and chastened my soul with fasting, that was to my reproach.
Proverbs 28:9	He that turns away his ear from hearing the law, even his prayer shall be abomination.
Song of Solomon 2:9	My beloved is like a roe or a young hart: behold, he stands behind our wall, he looks forth at the windows, showing himself through the lattice.
Mark 5:38	And he comes to the house of the ruler of the synagogue, and sees the tumult, and them that wept and wailed greatly.
Psalm 22:5	They cried to you, and were delivered: they trusted in you, and were not confounded.
1 Chronicles 6:37	The son of Tahath, the son of Assir, the son of Ebiasaph, the son of Korah,
Jeremiah 29:3	By the hand of Elasah the son of Shaphan, and Gemariah the son of Hilkiah, (whom Zedekiah king of Judah sent to Babylon to Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon) saying,
2 Samuel 20:26	And Ira also the Jairite was a chief ruler about David.
Judges 13:11	And Manoah arose, and went after his wife, and came to the man, and said to him, Are you the man that spoke to the woman? And he said, I am.
1 Chronicles 6:77	To the rest of the children of Merari were given out of the tribe of Zebulun, Rimmon with her suburbs, Tabor with her suburbs:
Matthew 12:32	And whoever speaks a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but whoever speaks against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come.
Leviticus 7:21	Moreover the soul that shall touch any unclean thing, as the uncleanness of man, or any unclean beast, or any abominable unclean thing, and eat of the flesh of the sacrifice of peace offerings, which pertain to the LORD, even that soul shall be cut off from his people.
Luke 7:7	Why neither thought I myself worthy to come to you: but say in a word, and my servant shall be healed.
Jeremiah 28:12	Then the word of the LORD came to Jeremiah the prophet, after that Hananiah the prophet had broken the yoke from off the neck of the prophet Jeremiah, saying,
Psalm 79:3	Their blood have they shed like water round about Jerusalem; and there was none to bury them.
Song of Solomon 3:1	By night on my bed I sought him whom my soul loves: I sought him, but I found him not.
Titus 3:3	For we ourselves also were sometimes foolish, disobedient, deceived, serving divers lusts and pleasures, living in malice and envy, hateful, and hating one another.
Numbers 6:23	Speak to Aaron and to his sons, saying, On this wise you shall bless the children of Israel, saying to them,
Ezekiel 48:35	It was round about eighteen thousand measures: and the name of the city from that day shall be, The LORD is there.
John 13:19	Now I tell you before it come, that, when it is come to pass, you may believe that I am he.
2 Chronicles 27:5	He fought also with the king of the Ammonites, and prevailed against them. And the children of Ammon gave him the same year an hundred talents of silver, and ten thousand measures of wheat, and ten thousand of barley. So much did the children of Ammon pay to him, both the second year, and the third.
Ezekiel 18:1	The word of the LORD came to me again, saying,
Hosea 12:10	I have also spoken by the prophets, and I have multiplied visions, and used similitudes, by the ministry of the prophets.
1 Corinthians 15:25	For he must reign, till he has put all enemies under his feet.
John 11:54	Jesus therefore walked no more openly among the Jews; but went there to a country near to the wilderness, into a city called Ephraim, and there continued with his disciples.
Jeremiah 36:6	Therefore go you, and read in the roll, which you have written from my mouth, the words of the LORD in the ears of the people in the LORD’s house on the fasting day: and also you shall read them in the ears of all Judah that come out of their cities.
Psalm 149:6	Let the high praises of God be in their mouth, and a two-edged sword in their hand;
Exodus 39:24	And they made on the hems of the robe pomegranates of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and twined linen.
Exodus 12:10	And you shall let nothing of it remain until the morning; and that which remains of it until the morning you shall burn with fire.
Luke 12:25	And which of you with taking thought can add to his stature one cubit?
Acts 24:3	We accept it always, and in all places, most noble Felix, with all thankfulness.
Proverbs 11:7	When a wicked man dies, his expectation shall perish: and the hope of unjust men perishes.
1 Chronicles 16:4	And he appointed certain of the Levites to minister before the ark of the LORD, and to record, and to thank and praise the LORD God of Israel:
Psalm 71:6	By you have I been held up from the womb: you are he that took me out of my mother’s bowels: my praise shall be continually of you.
1 Kings 10:12	And the king made of the almug trees pillars for the house of the LORD, and for the king’s house, harps also and psalteries for singers: there came no such almug trees, nor were seen to this day.
Judges 9:27	And they went out into the fields, and gathered their vineyards, and stepped the grapes, and made merry, and went into the house of their god, and did eat and drink, and cursed Abimelech.
Genesis 41:24	And the thin ears devoured the seven good ears: and I told this to the magicians; but there was none that could declare it to me.
1 Kings 2:40	And Shimei arose, and saddled his ass, and went to Gath to Achish to seek his servants: and Shimei went, and brought his servants from Gath.
Jeremiah 20:13	Sing to the LORD, praise you the LORD: for he has delivered the soul of the poor from the hand of evildoers.
1 Samuel 24:3	And he came to the sheepcotes by the way, where was a cave; and Saul went in to cover his feet: and David and his men remained in the sides of the cave.
Numbers 32:33	And Moses gave to them, even to the children of Gad, and to the children of Reuben, and to half the tribe of Manasseh the son of Joseph, the kingdom of Sihon king of the Amorites, and the kingdom of Og king of Bashan, the land, with the cities thereof in the coasts, even the cities of the country round about.
Acts 15:3	And being brought on their way by the church, they passed through Phenice and Samaria, declaring the conversion of the Gentiles: and they caused great joy to all the brothers.
Proverbs 9:15	To call passengers who go right on their ways:
Psalm 119:130	The entrance of your words gives light; it gives understanding to the simple.
Genesis 27:42	And these words of Esau her elder son were told to Rebekah: and she sent and called Jacob her younger son, and said to him, Behold, your brother Esau, as touching you, does comfort himself, purposing to kill you.
Judges 8:23	And Gideon said to them, I will not rule over you, neither shall my son rule over you: the LORD shall rule over you.
2 Chronicles 1:1	And Solomon the son of David was strengthened in his kingdom, and the LORD his God was with him, and magnified him exceedingly.
Jeremiah 38:6	Then took they Jeremiah, and cast him into the dungeon of Malchiah the son of Hammelech, that was in the court of the prison: and they let down Jeremiah with cords. And in the dungeon there was no water, but mire: so Jeremiah sunk in the mire.
Ezekiel 47:10	And it shall come to pass, that the fishers shall stand on it from Engedi even to Eneglaim; they shall be a place to spread forth nets; their fish shall be according to their kinds, as the fish of the great sea, exceeding many.
John 16:19	Now Jesus knew that they were desirous to ask him, and said to them, Do you inquire among yourselves of that I said, A little while, and you shall not see me: and again, a little while, and you shall see me?
Psalm 103:9	He will not always chide: neither will he keep his anger for ever.
Isaiah 49:22	Thus said the Lord GOD, Behold, I will lift up my hand to the Gentiles, and set up my standard to the people: and they shall bring your sons in their arms, and your daughters shall be carried on their shoulders.
Jeremiah 9:4	Take you heed every one of his neighbor, and trust you not in any brother: for every brother will utterly supplant, and every neighbor will walk with slanders.
1 Samuel 15:20	And Saul said to Samuel, Yes, I have obeyed the voice of the LORD, and have gone the way which the LORD sent me, and have brought Agag the king of Amalek, and have utterly destroyed the Amalekites.
2 Chronicles 11:16	And after them out of all the tribes of Israel such as set their hearts to seek the LORD God of Israel came to Jerusalem, to sacrifice to the LORD God of their fathers.
1 Corinthians 12:26	And whether one member suffer, all the members suffer with it; or one member be honored, all the members rejoice with it.
1 Timothy 3:6	Not a novice, lest being lifted up with pride he fall into the condemnation of the devil.
Numbers 31:54	And Moses and Eleazar the priest took the gold of the captains of thousands and of hundreds, and brought it into the tabernacle of the congregation, for a memorial for the children of Israel before the LORD.
Job 28:22	Destruction and death say, We have heard the fame thereof with our ears.
2 Chronicles 11:11	And he fortified the strong holds, and put captains in them, and store of victual, and of oil and wine.
Psalm 28:5	Because they regard not the works of the LORD, nor the operation of his hands, he shall destroy them, and not build them up.
Genesis 27:9	Go now to the flock, and fetch me from there two good kids of the goats; and I will make them savoury meat for your father, such as he loves:
Genesis 31:10	And it came to pass at the time that the cattle conceived, that I lifted up my eyes, and saw in a dream, and, behold, the rams which leaped on the cattle were ringstraked, speckled, and spotted.
Genesis 19:36	Thus were both the daughters of Lot with child by their father.
Genesis 10:13	And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim,
2 Samuel 11:23	And the messenger said to David, Surely the men prevailed against us, and came out to us into the field, and we were on them even to the entering of the gate.
Matthew 20:3	And he went out about the third hour, and saw others standing idle in the marketplace,
Mark 15:46	And he bought fine linen, and took him down, and wrapped him in the linen, and laid him in a sepulcher which was hewn out of a rock, and rolled a stone to the door of the sepulcher.
Matthew 15:12	Then came his disciples, and said to him, Know you that the Pharisees were offended, after they heard this saying?
Numbers 10:15	And over the host of the tribe of the children of Issachar was Nethaneel the son of Zuar.
Acts 1:21	Why of these men which have companied with us all the time that the Lord Jesus went in and out among us,
Joshua 23:13	Know for a certainty that the LORD your God will no more drive out any of these nations from before you; but they shall be snares and traps to you, and scourges in your sides, and thorns in your eyes, until you perish from off this good land which the LORD your God has given you.
2 Corinthians 1:23	Moreover I call God for a record on my soul, that to spare you I came not as yet to Corinth.
1 Chronicles 29:23	Then Solomon sat on the throne of the LORD as king instead of David his father, and prospered; and all Israel obeyed him.
Job 41:34	He beholds all high things: he is a king over all the children of pride.
Colossians 1:19	For it pleased the Father that in him should all fullness dwell;
Jeremiah 16:5	For thus said the LORD, Enter not into the house of mourning, neither go to lament nor bemoan them: for I have taken away my peace from this people, said the LORD, even loving kindness and mercies.
James 1:21	Why lay apart all filthiness and superfluity of naughtiness, and receive with meekness the engrafted word, which is able to save your souls.
Jeremiah 26:15	But know you for certain, that if you put me to death, you shall surely bring innocent blood on yourselves, and on this city, and on the inhabitants thereof: for of a truth the LORD has sent me to you to speak all these words in your ears.
Leviticus 8:3	And gather you all the congregation together to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Psalm 34:13	Keep your tongue from evil, and your lips from speaking guile.
Joshua 18:1	And the whole congregation of the children of Israel assembled together at Shiloh, and set up the tabernacle of the congregation there. And the land was subdued before them.
Luke 15:16	And he would fain have filled his belly with the husks that the swine did eat: and no man gave to him.
Numbers 15:21	Of the first of your dough you shall give to the LORD an heave offering in your generations.
Romans 12:1	I beseech you therefore, brothers, by the mercies of God, that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable to God, which is your reasonable service.
Hebrews 7:27	Who needs not daily, as those high priests, to offer up sacrifice, first for his own sins, and then for the people’s: for this he did once, when he offered up himself.
Isaiah 50:7	For the Lord GOD will help me; therefore shall I not be confounded: therefore have I set my face like a flint, and I know that I shall not be ashamed.
Psalm 89:1	I will sing of the mercies of the LORD for ever: with my mouth will I make known your faithfulness to all generations.
1 Samuel 30:29	And to them which were in Rachal, and to them which were in the cities of the Jerahmeelites, and to them which were in the cities of the Kenites,
1 Chronicles 6:60	And out of the tribe of Benjamin; Geba with her suburbs, and Alemeth with her suburbs, and Anathoth with her suburbs. All their cities throughout their families were thirteen cities.
1 John 3:22	And whatever we ask, we receive of him, because we keep his commandments, and do those things that are pleasing in his sight.
Jeremiah 25:4	And the LORD has sent to you all his servants the prophets, rising early and sending them; but you have not listened, nor inclined your ear to hear.
2 Chronicles 10:9	And he said to them, What advice give you that we may return answer to this people, which have spoken to me, saying, Ease somewhat the yoke that your father did put on us?
1 Corinthians 1:13	Is Christ divided? was Paul crucified for you? or were you baptized in the name of Paul?
Jeremiah 2:30	In vain have I smitten your children; they received no correction: your own sword has devoured your prophets, like a destroying lion.
Exodus 40:33	And he reared up the court round about the tabernacle and the altar, and set up the hanging of the court gate. So Moses finished the work.
Exodus 36:28	And two boards made he for the corners of the tabernacle in the two sides.
Numbers 31:38	And the beeves were thirty and six thousand; of which the LORD’s tribute was three score and twelve.
Matthew 16:15	He said to them, But whom say you that I am?
Isaiah 39:1	At that time Merodachbaladan, the son of Baladan, king of Babylon, sent letters and a present to Hezekiah: for he had heard that he had been sick, and was recovered.
2 Chronicles 15:12	And they entered into a covenant to seek the LORD God of their fathers with all their heart and with all their soul;
Psalm 93:3	The floods have lifted up, O LORD, the floods have lifted up their voice; the floods lift up their waves.
Joel 3:15	The sun and the moon shall be darkened, and the stars shall withdraw their shining.
Genesis 29:8	And they said, We cannot, until all the flocks be gathered together, and till they roll the stone from the well’s mouth; then we water the sheep.
Jeremiah 26:3	If so be they will listen, and turn every man from his evil way, that I may repent me of the evil, which I purpose to do to them because of the evil of their doings.
Ecclesiastes 5:18	Behold that which I have seen: it is good and comely for one to eat and to drink, and to enjoy the good of all his labor that he takes under the sun all the days of his life, which God gives him: for it is his portion.
Exodus 15:26	And said, If you will diligently listen to the voice of the LORD your God, and will do that which is right in his sight, and will give ear to his commandments, and keep all his statutes, I will put none of these diseases on you, which I have brought on the Egyptians: for I am the LORD that heals you.
1 Chronicles 17:12	He shall build me an house, and I will establish his throne for ever.
Matthew 8:19	And a certain scribe came, and said to him, Master, I will follow you wherever you go.
1 Corinthians 12:16	And if the ear shall say, Because I am not the eye, I am not of the body; is it therefore not of the body?
1 Kings 16:31	And it came to pass, as if it had been a light thing for him to walk in the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, that he took to wife Jezebel the daughter of Ethbaal king of the Zidonians, and went and served Baal, and worshipped him.
2 Chronicles 21:7	However, the LORD would not destroy the house of David, because of the covenant that he had made with David, and as he promised to give a light to him and to his sons for ever.
Exodus 24:6	And Moses took half of the blood, and put it in basins; and half of the blood he sprinkled on the altar.
Job 31:20	If his loins have not blessed me, and if he were not warmed with the fleece of my sheep;
Leviticus 14:40	Then the priest shall command that they take away the stones in which the plague is, and they shall cast them into an unclean place without the city:
Proverbs 23:30	They that tarry long at the wine; they that go to seek mixed wine.
Jeremiah 40:15	Then Johanan the son of Kareah spoke to Gedaliah in Mizpah secretly saying, Let me go, I pray you, and I will slay Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and no man shall know it: why should he slay you, that all the Jews which are gathered to you should be scattered, and the remnant in Judah perish?
2 Kings 19:30	And the remnant that is escaped of the house of Judah shall yet again take root downward, and bear fruit upward.
Matthew 16:17	And Jesus answered and said to him, Blessed are you, Simon Barjona: for flesh and blood has not revealed it to you, but my Father which is in heaven.
1 Corinthians 6:14	And God has both raised up the Lord, and will also raise up us by his own power.
Ezra 2:64	The whole congregation together was forty and two thousand three hundred and three score,
2 Timothy 2:4	No man that wars entangles himself with the affairs of this life; that he may please him who has chosen him to be a soldier.
Numbers 5:5	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
1 Chronicles 6:39	And his brother Asaph, who stood on his right hand, even Asaph the son of Berachiah, the son of Shimea,
1 Kings 8:29	That your eyes may be open toward this house night and day, even toward the place of which you have said, My name shall be there: that you may listen to the prayer which your servant shall make toward this place.
Acts 21:38	Are not you that Egyptian, which before these days made an uproar, and led out into the wilderness four thousand men that were murderers?
Judges 20:47	But six hundred men turned and fled to the wilderness to the rock Rimmon, and stayed in the rock Rimmon four months.
Deuteronomy 28:52	And he shall besiege you in all your gates, until your high and fenced walls come down, wherein you trusted, throughout all your land: and he shall besiege you in all your gates throughout all your land, which the LORD your God has given you.
Isaiah 41:17	When the poor and needy seek water, and there is none, and their tongue fails for thirst, I the LORD will hear them, I the God of Israel will not forsake them.
1 Corinthians 7:2	Nevertheless, to avoid fornication, let every man have his own wife, and let every woman have her own husband.
Genesis 6:11	The earth also was corrupt before God, and the earth was filled with violence.
1 Kings 18:3	And Ahab called Obadiah, which was the governor of his house. (Now Obadiah feared the LORD greatly:
Leviticus 18:23	Neither shall you lie with any beast to defile yourself therewith: neither shall any woman stand before a beast to lie down thereto: it is confusion.
Genesis 45:3	And Joseph said to his brothers, I am Joseph; does my father yet live? And his brothers could not answer him; for they were troubled at his presence.
Jeremiah 10:6	For as much as there is none like to you, O LORD; you are great, and your name is great in might.
Zephaniah 1:15	That day is a day of wrath, a day of trouble and distress, a day of devastation and desolation, a day of darkness and gloominess, a day of clouds and thick darkness,
3 John 1:6	Which have borne witness of your charity before the church: whom if you bring forward on their journey after a godly sort, you shall do well:
Galatians 6:3	For if a man think himself to be something, when he is nothing, he deceives himself.
2 Kings 20:9	And Isaiah said, This sign shall you have of the LORD, that the LORD will do the thing that he has spoken: shall the shadow go forward ten degrees, or go back ten degrees?
Numbers 26:39	Of Shupham, the family of the Shuphamites: of Hupham, the family of the Huphamites.
1 Samuel 6:5	Why you shall make images of your tumors, and images of your mice that mar the land; and you shall give glory to the God of Israel: peradventure he will lighten his hand from off you, and from off your gods, and from off your land.
1 Corinthians 9:13	Do you not know that they which minister about holy things live of the things of the temple? and they which wait at the altar are partakers with the altar?
Amos 5:9	That strengthens the spoiled against the strong, so that the spoiled shall come against the fortress.
1 Chronicles 6:48	Their brothers also the Levites were appointed to all manner of service of the tabernacle of the house of God.
1 Corinthians 15:2	By which also you are saved, if you keep in memory what I preached to you, unless you have believed in vain.
2 Chronicles 12:3	With twelve hundred chariots, and three score thousand horsemen: and the people were without number that came with him out of Egypt; the Lubims, the Sukkiims, and the Ethiopians.
Numbers 26:65	For the LORD had said of them, They shall surely die in the wilderness. And there was not left a man of them, save Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun.
Nehemiah 4:7	But it came to pass, that when Sanballat, and Tobiah, and the Arabians, and the Ammonites, and the Ashdodites, heard that the walls of Jerusalem were made up, and that the breaches began to be stopped, then they were very wroth,
1 Samuel 24:9	And David said to Saul, Why hear you men’s words, saying, Behold, David seeks your hurt?
Hosea 7:14	And they have not cried to me with their heart, when they howled on their beds: they assemble themselves for corn and wine, and they rebel against me.
Deuteronomy 6:25	And it shall be our righteousness, if we observe to do all these commandments before the LORD our God, as he has commanded us.
Daniel 2:22	He reveals the deep and secret things: he knows what is in the darkness, and the light dwells with him.
Genesis 15:10	And he took to him all these, and divided them in the middle, and laid each piece one against another: but the birds divided he not.
Acts 10:48	And he commanded them to be baptized in the name of the Lord. Then prayed they him to tarry certain days.
2 Kings 24:14	And he carried away all Jerusalem, and all the princes, and all the mighty men of valor, even ten thousand captives, and all the craftsmen and smiths: none remained, save the poorest sort of the people of the land.
Genesis 35:7	And he built there an altar, and called the place Elbethel: because there God appeared to him, when he fled from the face of his brother.
Genesis 20:13	And it came to pass, when God caused me to wander from my father’s house, that I said to her, This is your kindness which you shall show to me; at every place where we shall come, say of me, He is my brother.
2 Chronicles 36:18	And all the vessels of the house of God, great and small, and the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king, and of his princes; all these he brought to Babylon.
Leviticus 11:31	These are unclean to you among all that creep: whoever does touch them, when they be dead, shall be unclean until the even.
Genesis 47:26	And Joseph made it a law over the land of Egypt to this day, that Pharaoh should have the fifth part, except the land of the priests only, which became not Pharaoh’s.
Numbers 24:1	And when Balaam saw that it pleased the LORD to bless Israel, he went not, as at other times, to seek for enchantments, but he set his face toward the wilderness.
Galatians 5:24	And they that are Christ’s have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts.
Deuteronomy 17:6	At the mouth of two witnesses, or three witnesses, shall he that is worthy of death be put to death; but at the mouth of one witness he shall not be put to death.
Hebrews 7:21	(For those priests were made without an oath; but this with an oath by him that said to him, The Lord swore and will not repent, You are a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec:)
Exodus 16:2	And the whole congregation of the children of Israel murmured against Moses and Aaron in the wilderness:
1 Chronicles 4:26	And the sons of Mishma; Hamuel his son, Zacchur his son, Shimei his son.
Exodus 18:7	And Moses went out to meet his father in law, and did obeisance, and kissed him; and they asked each other of their welfare; and they came into the tent.
Revelation 12:16	And the earth helped the woman, and the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed up the flood which the dragon cast out of his mouth.
2 Chronicles 21:6	And he walked in the way of the kings of Israel, like as did the house of Ahab: for he had the daughter of Ahab to wife: and he worked that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD.
Genesis 31:50	If you shall afflict my daughters, or if you shall take other wives beside my daughters, no man is with us; see, God is witness between me and you.
Ezekiel 28:21	Son of man, set your face against Zidon, and prophesy against it,
1 Chronicles 15:22	And Chenaniah, chief of the Levites, was for song: he instructed about the song, because he was skillful.
Exodus 36:26	And their forty sockets of silver; two sockets under one board, and two sockets under another board.
Luke 12:33	Sell that you have, and give alms; provide yourselves bags which wax not old, a treasure in the heavens that fails not, where no thief approaches, neither moth corrupts.
Esther 3:13	And the letters were sent by posts into all the king’s provinces, to destroy, to kill, and to cause to perish, all Jews, both young and old, little children and women, in one day, even on the thirteenth day of the twelfth month, which is the month Adar, and to take the spoil of them for a prey.
Job 41:5	Will you play with him as with a bird? or will you bind him for your maidens?
2 Kings 4:30	And the mother of the child said, As the LORD lives, and as your soul lives, I will not leave you. And he arose, and followed her.
1 Chronicles 12:6	Elkanah, and Jesiah, and Azareel, and Joezer, and Jashobeam, the Korhites,
Job 15:20	The wicked man travails with pain all his days, and the number of years is hidden to the oppressor.
Luke 20:8	And Jesus said to them, Neither tell I you by what authority I do these things.
Exodus 35:13	The table, and his staves, and all his vessels, and the show bread,
Psalm 62:4	They only consult to cast him down from his excellency: they delight in lies: they bless with their mouth, but they curse inwardly. Selah.
Numbers 4:16	And to the office of Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest pertains the oil for the light, and the sweet incense, and the daily meat offering, and the anointing oil, and the oversight of all the tabernacle, and of all that therein is, in the sanctuary, and in the vessels thereof.
2 Samuel 22:43	Then did I beat them as small as the dust of the earth, I did stamp them as the mire of the street, and did spread them abroad.
Ezekiel 40:28	And he brought me to the inner court by the south gate: and he measured the south gate according to these measures;
Mark 7:12	And you suffer him no more to do ought for his father or his mother;
Ephesians 2:2	Wherein in time past you walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now works in the children of disobedience:
Joshua 9:8	And they said to Joshua, We are your servants. And Joshua said to them, Who are you? and from from where come you?
Exodus 1:14	And they made their lives bitter with hard bondage, in mortar, and in brick, and in all manner of service in the field: all their service, wherein they made them serve, was with rigor.
Jeremiah 38:3	Thus said the LORD, This city shall surely be given into the hand of the king of Babylon’s army, which shall take it.
Numbers 33:20	And they departed from Rimmonparez, and pitched in Libnah.
Proverbs 9:6	Forsake the foolish, and live; and go in the way of understanding.
1 Samuel 1:9	So Hannah rose up after they had eaten in Shiloh, and after they had drunk. Now Eli the priest sat on a seat by a post of the temple of the LORD.
Exodus 3:21	And I will give this people favor in the sight of the Egyptians: and it shall come to pass, that, when you go, you shall not go empty.
Judges 18:5	And they said to him, Ask counsel, we pray you, of God, that we may know whether our way which we go shall be prosperous.
John 3:3	Jesus answered and said to him, Truly, truly, I say to you, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God.
Esther 4:12	And they told to Mordecai Esther’s words.
Romans 3:18	There is no fear of God before their eyes.
Lamentations 1:21	They have heard that I sigh: there is none to comfort me: all my enemies have heard of my trouble; they are glad that you have done it: you will bring the day that you have called, and they shall be like to me.
Ezekiel 3:23	Then I arose, and went forth into the plain: and, behold, the glory of the LORD stood there, as the glory which I saw by the river of Chebar: and I fell on my face.
Acts 5:35	And said to them, You men of Israel, take heed to yourselves what you intend to do as touching these men.
1 Chronicles 9:30	And some of the sons of the priests made the ointment of the spices.
Proverbs 15:14	The heart of him that has understanding seeks knowledge: but the mouth of fools feeds on foolishness.
Ezekiel 24:1	Again in the ninth year, in the tenth month, in the tenth day of the month, the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Deuteronomy 3:14	Jair the son of Manasseh took all the country of Argob to the coasts of Geshuri and Maachathi; and called them after his own name, Bashanhavothjair, to this day.
Genesis 30:8	And Rachel said, With great wrestlings have I wrestled with my sister, and I have prevailed: and she called his name Naphtali.
Exodus 31:6	And I, behold, I have given with him Aholiab, the son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan: and in the hearts of all that are wise hearted I have put wisdom, that they may make all that I have commanded you;
Isaiah 36:12	But Rabshakeh said, Has my master sent me to your master and to you to speak these words? has he not sent me to the men that sit on the wall, that they may eat their own dung, and drink their own urine with you?
1 John 2:9	He that said he is in the light, and hates his brother, is in darkness even until now.
Ecclesiastes 5:13	There is a sore evil which I have seen under the sun, namely, riches kept for the owners thereof to their hurt.
Isaiah 3:5	And the people shall be oppressed, every one by another, and every one by his neighbor: the child shall behave himself proudly against the ancient, and the base against the honorable.
Ezekiel 9:9	Then said he to me, The iniquity of the house of Israel and Judah is exceeding great, and the land is full of blood, and the city full of perverseness: for they say, The LORD has forsaken the earth, and the LORD sees not.
Acts 17:25	Neither is worshipped with men’s hands, as though he needed any thing, seeing he gives to all life, and breath, and all things;
2 Kings 5:3	And she said to her mistress, Would God my lord were with the prophet that is in Samaria! for he would recover him of his leprosy.
1 Corinthians 12:28	And God has set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of tongues.
Matthew 18:23	Therefore is the kingdom of heaven likened to a certain king, which would take account of his servants.
Exodus 37:1	And Bezaleel made the ark of shittim wood: two cubits and a half was the length of it, and a cubit and a half the breadth of it, and a cubit and a half the height of it:
Psalm 118:22	The stone which the builders refused is become the head stone of the corner.
Mark 6:26	And the king was exceeding sorry; yet for his oath’s sake, and for their sakes which sat with him, he would not reject her.
Jeremiah 24:8	And as the evil figs, which cannot be eaten, they are so evil; surely thus said the LORD, So will I give Zedekiah the king of Judah, and his princes, and the residue of Jerusalem, that remain in this land, and them that dwell in the land of Egypt:
Nehemiah 7:23	The children of Bezai, three hundred twenty and four.
Ezra 4:20	There have been mighty kings also over Jerusalem, which have ruled over all countries beyond the river; and toll, tribute, and custom, was paid to them.
Isaiah 1:16	Wash you, make you clean; put away the evil of your doings from before my eyes; cease to do evil;
Joshua 10:8	And the LORD said to Joshua, Fear them not: for I have delivered them into your hand; there shall not a man of them stand before you.
Leviticus 5:11	But if he be not able to bring two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, then he that sinned shall bring for his offering the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a sin offering; he shall put no oil on it, neither shall he put any frankincense thereon: for it is a sin offering.
1 John 3:18	My little children, let us not love in word, neither in tongue; but in deed and in truth.
Daniel 6:7	All the presidents of the kingdom, the governors, and the princes, the counsellors, and the captains, have consulted together to establish a royal statute, and to make a firm decree, that whoever shall ask a petition of any God or man for thirty days, save of you, O king, he shall be cast into the den of lions.
Acts 15:15	And to this agree the words of the prophets; as it is written,
2 Chronicles 18:22	Now therefore, behold, the LORD has put a lying spirit in the mouth of these your prophets, and the LORD has spoken evil against you.
Mark 15:20	And when they had mocked him, they took off the purple from him, and put his own clothes on him, and led him out to crucify him.
Jeremiah 44:3	Because of their wickedness which they have committed to provoke me to anger, in that they went to burn incense, and to serve other gods, whom they knew not, neither they, you, nor your fathers.
Daniel 6:26	I make a decree, That in every dominion of my kingdom men tremble and fear before the God of Daniel: for he is the living God, and steadfast for ever, and his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed, and his dominion shall be even to the end.
Numbers 23:6	And he returned to him, and, see, he stood by his burnt sacrifice, he, and all the princes of Moab.
Matthew 12:1	At that time Jesus went on the sabbath day through the corn; and his disciples were an hungered, and began to pluck the ears of corn and to eat.
Psalm 78:72	So he fed them according to the integrity of his heart; and guided them by the skillfulness of his hands.
John 20:12	And sees two angels in white sitting, the one at the head, and the other at the feet, where the body of Jesus had lain.
Psalm 119:151	You are near, O LORD; and all your commandments are truth.
Exodus 8:20	And the LORD said to Moses, Rise up early in the morning, and stand before Pharaoh; see, he comes forth to the water; and say to him, Thus said the LORD, Let my people go, that they may serve me.
1 Chronicles 9:10	And of the priests; Jedaiah, and Jehoiarib, and Jachin,
Ecclesiastes 10:13	The beginning of the words of his mouth is foolishness: and the end of his talk is mischievous madness.
2 Chronicles 15:3	Now for a long season Israel has been without the true God, and without a teaching priest, and without law.
Nahum 1:10	For while they be entwined together as thorns, and while they are drunken as drunkards, they shall be devoured as stubble fully dry.
Jeremiah 32:27	Behold, I am the LORD, the God of all flesh: is there any thing too hard for me?
Luke 18:42	And Jesus said to him, Receive your sight: your faith has saved you.
Zechariah 14:3	Then shall the LORD go forth, and fight against those nations, as when he fought in the day of battle.
Revelation 21:5	And he that sat on the throne said, Behold, I make all things new. And he said to me, Write: for these words are true and faithful.
Nahum 1:11	There is one come out of you, that imagines evil against the LORD, a wicked counselor.
Isaiah 37:26	Have you not heard long ago, how I have done it; and of ancient times, that I have formed it? now have I brought it to pass, that you should be to lay waste defended cities into ruinous heaps.
Judges 7:20	And the three companies blew the trumpets, and broke the pitchers, and held the lamps in their left hands, and the trumpets in their right hands to blow with: and they cried, The sword of the LORD, and of Gideon.
Ecclesiastes 12:10	The preacher sought to find out acceptable words: and that which was written was upright, even words of truth.
2 Corinthians 9:3	Yet have I sent the brothers, lest our boasting of you should be in vain in this behalf; that, as I said, you may be ready:
Luke 6:8	But he knew their thoughts, and said to the man which had the withered hand, Rise up, and stand forth in the middle. And he arose and stood forth.
1 Samuel 27:6	Then Achish gave him Ziklag that day: why Ziklag pertains to the kings of Judah to this day.
1 Kings 9:4	And if you will walk before me, as David your father walked, in integrity of heart, and in uprightness, to do according to all that I have commanded you, and will keep my statutes and my judgments:
2 Corinthians 7:9	Now I rejoice, not that you were made sorry, but that you sorrowed to repentance: for you were made sorry after a godly manner, that you might receive damage by us in nothing.
Psalm 148:13	Let them praise the name of the LORD: for his name alone is excellent; his glory is above the earth and heaven.
2 Corinthians 4:4	In whom the god of this world has blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God, should shine to them.
Jeremiah 52:29	In the eighteenth year of Nebuchadrezzar he carried away captive from Jerusalem eight hundred thirty and two persons:
Amos 5:5	But seek not Bethel, nor enter into Gilgal, and pass not to Beersheba: for Gilgal shall surely go into captivity, and Bethel shall come to nothing.
1 Kings 2:32	And the LORD shall return his blood on his own head, who fell on two men more righteous and better than he, and slew them with the sword, my father David not knowing thereof, to wit, Abner the son of Ner, captain of the host of Israel, and Amasa the son of Jether, captain of the host of Judah.
Mark 2:10	But that you may know that the Son of man has power on earth to forgive sins, (he said to the sick of the palsy,)
1 Chronicles 7:19	And the sons of Shemidah were, Ahian, and Shechem, and Likhi, and Aniam.
1 Thessalonians 5:22	Abstain from all appearance of evil.
Psalm 63:2	To see your power and your glory, so as I have seen you in the sanctuary.
Psalm 104:25	So is this great and wide sea, wherein are things creeping innumerable, both small and great beasts.
Acts 13:11	And now, behold, the hand of the Lord is on you, and you shall be blind, not seeing the sun for a season. And immediately there fell on him a mist and a darkness; and he went about seeking some to lead him by the hand.
Hebrews 10:21	And having an high priest over the house of God;
Isaiah 29:10	For the LORD has poured out on you the spirit of deep sleep, and has closed your eyes: the prophets and your rulers, the seers has he covered.
Proverbs 29:18	Where there is no vision, the people perish: but he that keeps the law, happy is he.
Numbers 15:33	And they that found him gathering sticks brought him to Moses and Aaron, and to all the congregation.
Ezekiel 40:27	And there was a gate in the inner court toward the south: and he measured from gate to gate toward the south an hundred cubits.
Numbers 16:31	And it came to pass, as he had made an end of speaking all these words, that the ground split asunder that was under them:
2 Kings 15:1	In the twenty and seventh year of Jeroboam king of Israel began Azariah son of Amaziah king of Judah to reign.
Job 19:18	Yes, young children despised me; I arose, and they spoke against me.
Job 15:18	Which wise men have told from their fathers, and have not hid it:
Mark 6:33	And the people saw them departing, and many knew him, and ran afoot thither out of all cities, and preceded them, and came together to him.
Genesis 2:4	These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created, in the day that the LORD God made the earth and the heavens,
1 Samuel 30:28	And to them which were in Aroer, and to them which were in Siphmoth, and to them which were in Eshtemoa,
Exodus 9:34	And when Pharaoh saw that the rain and the hail and the thunders were ceased, he sinned yet more, and hardened his heart, he and his servants.
Genesis 24:25	She said moreover to him, We have both straw and provender enough, and room to lodge in.
Genesis 31:6	And you know that with all my power I have served your father.
Jeremiah 30:24	The fierce anger of the LORD shall not return, until he has done it, and until he have performed the intents of his heart: in the latter days you shall consider it.
1 Corinthians 10:12	Why let him that thinks he stands take heed lest he fall.
Isaiah 8:7	Now therefore, behold, the Lord brings up on them the waters of the river, strong and many, even the king of Assyria, and all his glory: and he shall come up over all his channels, and go over all his banks:
Numbers 34:20	And of the tribe of the children of Simeon, Shemuel the son of Ammihud.
1 Samuel 22:7	Then Saul said to his servants that stood about him, Hear now, you Benjamites; will the son of Jesse give every one of you fields and vineyards, and make you all captains of thousands, and captains of hundreds;
Exodus 13:12	That you shall set apart to the LORD all that opens the matrix, and every firstling that comes of a beast which you have; the males shall be the LORD’s.
1 Corinthians 2:9	But as it is written, Eye has not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God has prepared for them that love him.
2 Samuel 13:23	And it came to pass after two full years, that Absalom had sheep shearers in Baalhazor, which is beside Ephraim: and Absalom invited all the king’s sons.
Acts 21:34	And some cried one thing, some another, among the multitude: and when he could not know the certainty for the tumult, he commanded him to be carried into the castle.
Exodus 26:15	And you shall make boards for the tabernacle of shittim wood standing up.
1 Corinthians 14:8	For if the trumpet give an uncertain sound, who shall prepare himself to the battle?
Nehemiah 3:19	And next to him repaired Ezer the son of Jeshua, the ruler of Mizpah, another piece over against the going up to the armory at the turning of the wall.
Numbers 18:27	And this your heave offering shall be reckoned to you, as though it were the corn of the threshing floor, and as the fullness of the wine press.
1 Kings 5:3	You know how that David my father could not build an house to the name of the LORD his God for the wars which were about him on every side, until the LORD put them under the soles of his feet.
Proverbs 27:21	As the fining pot for silver, and the furnace for gold; so is a man to his praise.
Isaiah 37:31	And the remnant that is escaped of the house of Judah shall again take root downward, and bear fruit upward:
Numbers 18:5	And you shall keep the charge of the sanctuary, and the charge of the altar: that there be no wrath any more on the children of Israel.
Proverbs 29:7	The righteous considers the cause of the poor: but the wicked regards not to know it.
Exodus 39:8	And he made the breastplate of cunning work, like the work of the ephod; of gold, blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.
Numbers 4:4	This shall be the service of the sons of Kohath in the tabernacle of the congregation, about the most holy things:
Romans 16:27	To God only wise, be glory through Jesus Christ for ever. Amen.
2 Corinthians 4:17	For our light affliction, which is but for a moment, works for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory;
2 Kings 19:12	Have the gods of the nations delivered them which my fathers have destroyed; as Gozan, and Haran, and Rezeph, and the children of Eden which were in Thelasar?
Luke 8:34	When they that fed them saw what was done, they fled, and went and told it in the city and in the country.
Joshua 8:15	And Joshua and all Israel made as if they were beaten before them, and fled by the way of the wilderness.
Acts 18:1	After these things Paul departed from Athens, and came to Corinth;
Psalm 119:35	Make me to go in the path of your commandments; for therein do I delight.
Exodus 34:23	Thrice in the year shall all your male children appear before the LORD God, the God of Israel.
Leviticus 26:25	And I will bring a sword on you, that shall avenge the quarrel of my covenant: and when you are gathered together within your cities, I will send the pestilence among you; and you shall be delivered into the hand of the enemy.
Genesis 26:10	And Abimelech said, What is this you have done to us? one of the people might lightly have lien with your wife, and you should have brought guiltiness on us.
1 Chronicles 9:4	Uthai the son of Ammihud, the son of Omri, the son of Imri, the son of Bani, of the children of Pharez the son of Judah.
Psalm 96:9	O worship the LORD in the beauty of holiness: fear before him, all the earth.
Romans 5:7	For scarcely for a righteous man will one die: yet peradventure for a good man some would even dare to die.
Joshua 13:26	And from Heshbon to Ramathmizpeh, and Betonim; and from Mahanaim to the border of Debir;
Genesis 28:10	And Jacob went out from Beersheba, and went toward Haran.
2 Samuel 5:5	In Hebron he reigned over Judah seven years and six months: and in Jerusalem he reigned thirty and three years over all Israel and Judah.
Exodus 22:20	He that sacrifices to any god, save to the LORD only, he shall be utterly destroyed.
Song of Solomon 8:5	Who is this that comes up from the wilderness, leaning on her beloved? I raised you up under the apple tree: there your mother brought you forth: there she brought you forth that bore you.
1 Samuel 13:18	And another company turned the way to Bethhoron: and another company turned to the way of the border that looks to the valley of Zeboim toward the wilderness.
Ezekiel 5:15	So it shall be a reproach and a taunt, an instruction and an astonishment to the nations that are round about you, when I shall execute judgments in you in anger and in fury and in furious rebukes. I the LORD have spoken it.
Numbers 23:4	And God met Balaam: and he said to him, I have prepared seven altars, and I have offered on every altar a bullock and a ram.
Daniel 7:24	And the ten horns out of this kingdom are ten kings that shall arise: and another shall rise after them; and he shall be diverse from the first, and he shall subdue three kings.
1 Chronicles 21:21	And as David came to Ornan, Ornan looked and saw David, and went out of the threshing floor, and bowed himself to David with his face to the ground.
2 Kings 3:18	And this is but a light thing in the sight of the LORD: he will deliver the Moabites also into your hand.
1 Samuel 26:5	And David arose, and came to the place where Saul had pitched: and David beheld the place where Saul lay, and Abner the son of Ner, the captain of his host: and Saul lay in the trench, and the people pitched round about him.
Psalm 132:10	For your servant David’s sake turn not away the face of your anointed.
Proverbs 24:32	Then I saw, and considered it well: I looked on it, and received instruction.
Numbers 14:14	And they will tell it to the inhabitants of this land: for they have heard that you LORD are among this people, that you LORD are seen face to face, and that your cloud stands over them, and that you go before them, by day time in a pillar of a cloud, and in a pillar of fire by night.
1 Chronicles 6:78	And on the other side Jordan by Jericho, on the east side of Jordan, were given them out of the tribe of Reuben, Bezer in the wilderness with her suburbs, and Jahzah with her suburbs,
Genesis 10:18	And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite: and afterward were the families of the Canaanites spread abroad.
Ezekiel 41:22	The altar of wood was three cubits high, and the length thereof two cubits; and the corners thereof, and the length thereof, and the walls thereof, were of wood: and he said to me, This is the table that is before the LORD.
Numbers 15:9	Then shall he bring with a bullock a meat offering of three tenth deals of flour mingled with half an hin of oil.
Luke 24:13	And, behold, two of them went that same day to a village called Emmaus, which was from Jerusalem about three score furlongs.
Isaiah 3:4	And I will give children to be their princes, and babes shall rule over them.
Ephesians 1:9	Having made known to us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure which he has purposed in himself:
1 Chronicles 9:18	Who till now waited in the king’s gate eastward: they were porters in the companies of the children of Levi.
Luke 1:44	For, see, as soon as the voice of your salutation sounded in my ears, the babe leaped in my womb for joy.
Habakkuk 2:9	Woe to him that covets an evil covetousness to his house, that he may set his nest on high, that he may be delivered from the power of evil!
Jeremiah 7:3	Thus said the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, Amend your ways and your doings, and I will cause you to dwell in this place.
1 Kings 6:16	And he built twenty cubits on the sides of the house, both the floor and the walls with boards of cedar: he even built them for it within, even for the oracle, even for the most holy place.
Jeremiah 10:22	Behold, the noise of the bruit is come, and a great commotion out of the north country, to make the cities of Judah desolate, and a den of dragons.
Hebrews 11:10	For he looked for a city which has foundations, whose builder and maker is God.
Judges 7:13	And when Gideon was come, behold, there was a man that told a dream to his fellow, and said, Behold, I dreamed a dream, and, see, a cake of barley bread tumbled into the host of Midian, and came to a tent, and smote it that it fell, and overturned it, that the tent lay along.
2 Timothy 3:7	Ever learning, and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth.
Mark 11:18	And the scribes and chief priests heard it, and sought how they might destroy him: for they feared him, because all the people was astonished at his doctrine.
Psalm 59:13	Consume them in wrath, consume them, that they may not be: and let them know that God rules in Jacob to the ends of the earth. Selah.
1 Corinthians 6:6	But brother goes to law with brother, and that before the unbelievers.
2 Samuel 3:38	And the king said to his servants, Know you not that there is a prince and a great man fallen this day in Israel?
Judges 9:22	When Abimelech had reigned three years over Israel,
Joshua 11:8	And the LORD delivered them into the hand of Israel, who smote them, and chased them to great Zidon, and to Misrephothmaim, and to the valley of Mizpeh eastward; and they smote them, until they left them none remaining.
Genesis 35:6	So Jacob came to Luz, which is in the land of Canaan, that is, Bethel, he and all the people that were with him.
Deuteronomy 8:7	For the LORD your God brings you into a good land, a land of brooks of water, of fountains and depths that spring out of valleys and hills;
Deuteronomy 15:20	You shall eat it before the LORD your God year by year in the place which the LORD shall choose, you and your household.
Genesis 27:19	And Jacob said to his father, I am Esau your first born; I have done according as you bade me: arise, I pray you, sit and eat of my venison, that your soul may bless me.
2 Chronicles 25:6	He hired also an hundred thousand mighty men of valor out of Israel for an hundred talents of silver.
Exodus 12:2	This month shall be to you the beginning of months: it shall be the first month of the year to you.
1 Samuel 8:10	And Samuel told all the words of the LORD to the people that asked of him a king.
Job 34:25	Therefore he knows their works, and he overturns them in the night, so that they are destroyed.
Psalm 22:27	All the ends of the world shall remember and turn to the LORD: and all the kindreds of the nations shall worship before you.
Acts 14:12	And they called Barnabas, Jupiter; and Paul, Mercurius, because he was the chief speaker.
Ezekiel 37:20	And the sticks where on you write shall be in your hand before their eyes.
Philemon 1:15	For perhaps he therefore departed for a season, that you should receive him for ever;
Luke 9:46	Then there arose a reasoning among them, which of them should be greatest.
Nehemiah 4:11	And our adversaries said, They shall not know, neither see, till we come in the middle among them, and slay them, and cause the work to cease.
Genesis 49:11	Binding his foal to the vine, and his ass’s colt to the choice vine; he washed his garments in wine, and his clothes in the blood of grapes:
2 Samuel 11:6	And David sent to Joab, saying, Send me Uriah the Hittite. And Joab sent Uriah to David.
1 Corinthians 3:18	Let no man deceive himself. If any man among you seems to be wise in this world, let him become a fool, that he may be wise.
Exodus 40:20	And he took and put the testimony into the ark, and set the staves on the ark, and put the mercy seat above on the ark:
Psalm 124:7	Our soul is escaped as a bird out of the snare of the fowlers: the snare is broken, and we are escaped.
John 6:19	So when they had rowed about five and twenty or thirty furlongs, they see Jesus walking on the sea, and drawing near to the ship: and they were afraid.
Ezekiel 3:17	Son of man, I have made you a watchman to the house of Israel: therefore hear the word at my mouth, and give them warning from me.
Judges 7:16	And he divided the three hundred men into three companies, and he put a trumpet in every man’s hand, with empty pitchers, and lamps within the pitchers.
Genesis 16:9	And the angel of the LORD said to her, Return to your mistress, and submit yourself under her hands.
Numbers 4:12	And they shall take all the instruments of ministry, with which they minister in the sanctuary, and put them in a cloth of blue, and cover them with a covering of badgers’ skins, and shall put them on a bar:
Exodus 28:18	And the second row shall be an emerald, a sapphire, and a diamond.
Revelation 14:9	And the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand,
Romans 4:14	For if they which are of the law be heirs, faith is made void, and the promise made of none effect:
Deuteronomy 2:35	Only the cattle we took for a prey to ourselves, and the spoil of the cities which we took.
1 Samuel 9:2	And he had a son, whose name was Saul, a choice young man, and a goodly: and there was not among the children of Israel a goodlier person than he: from his shoulders and upward he was higher than any of the people.
Psalm 9:11	Sing praises to the LORD, which dwells in Zion: declare among the people his doings.
Exodus 23:2	You shall not follow a multitude to do evil; neither shall you speak in a cause to decline after many to wrest judgment:
John 6:39	And this is the Father’s will which has sent me, that of all which he has given me I should lose nothing, but should raise it up again at the last day.
Numbers 29:32	And on the seventh day seven bullocks, two rams, and fourteen lambs of the first year without blemish:
Isaiah 43:1	But now thus said the LORD that created you, O Jacob, and he that formed you, O Israel, Fear not: for I have redeemed you, I have called you by your name; you are mine.
Matthew 17:26	Peter said to him, Of strangers. Jesus said to him, Then are the children free.
Nehemiah 3:24	After him repaired Binnui the son of Henadad another piece, from the house of Azariah to the turning of the wall, even to the corner.
Leviticus 1:7	And the sons of Aaron the priest shall put fire on the altar, and lay the wood in order on the fire:
Acts 26:24	And as he thus spoke for himself, Festus said with a loud voice, Paul, you are beside yourself; much learning does make you mad.
Psalm 68:26	Bless you God in the congregations, even the Lord, from the fountain of Israel.
Matthew 27:11	And Jesus stood before the governor: and the governor asked him, saying, Are you the King of the Jews? And Jesus said to him, You say.
Acts 19:16	And the man in whom the evil spirit was leaped on them, and overcame them, and prevailed against them, so that they fled out of that house naked and wounded.
Numbers 4:43	From thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, every one that enters into the service, for the work in the tabernacle of the congregation,
Proverbs 6:5	Deliver yourself as a roe from the hand of the hunter, and as a bird from the hand of the fowler.
Ezra 4:22	Take heed now that you fail not to do this: why should damage grow to the hurt of the kings?
Ezekiel 24:18	So I spoke to the people in the morning: and at even my wife died; and I did in the morning as I was commanded.
Galatians 4:27	For it is written, Rejoice, you barren that bore not; break forth and cry, you that travail not: for the desolate has many more children than she which has an husband.
James 2:12	So speak you, and so do, as they that shall be judged by the law of liberty.
Habakkuk 1:11	Then shall his mind change, and he shall pass over, and offend, imputing this his power to his god.
Luke 8:11	Now the parable is this: The seed is the word of God.
1 Samuel 8:9	Now therefore listen to their voice: however, yet protest solemnly to them, and show them the manner of the king that shall reign over them.
Job 4:10	The roaring of the lion, and the voice of the fierce lion, and the teeth of the young lions, are broken.
1 Samuel 31:3	And the battle went sore against Saul, and the archers hit him; and he was sore wounded of the archers.
John 18:31	Then said Pilate to them, Take you him, and judge him according to your law. The Jews therefore said to him, It is not lawful for us to put any man to death:
Jeremiah 3:7	And I said after she had done all these things, Turn you to me. But she returned not. And her treacherous sister Judah saw it.
Matthew 18:1	At the same time came the disciples to Jesus, saying, Who is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven?
1 Samuel 14:30	How much more, if haply the people had eaten freely to day of the spoil of their enemies which they found? for had there not been now a much greater slaughter among the Philistines?
Jeremiah 38:21	But if you refuse to go forth, this is the word that the LORD has showed me:
Mark 1:35	And in the morning, rising up a great while before day, he went out, and departed into a solitary place, and there prayed.
John 8:4	They say to him, Master, this woman was taken in adultery, in the very act.
Exodus 18:20	And you shall teach them ordinances and laws, and shall show them the way wherein they must walk, and the work that they must do.
2 Samuel 5:8	And David said on that day, Whoever gets up to the gutter, and smites the Jebusites, and the lame and the blind that are hated of David’s soul, he shall be chief and captain. Why they said, The blind and the lame shall not come into the house.
Matthew 27:14	And he answered him to never a word; so that the governor marveled greatly.
Luke 10:22	All things are delivered to me of my Father: and no man knows who the Son is, but the Father; and who the Father is, but the Son, and he to whom the Son will reveal him.
Mark 3:27	No man can enter into a strong man’s house, and spoil his goods, except he will first bind the strong man; and then he will spoil his house.
Jonah 2:4	Then I said, I am cast out of your sight; yet I will look again toward your holy temple.
Matthew 13:48	Which, when it was full, they drew to shore, and sat down, and gathered the good into vessels, but cast the bad away.
Revelation 6:11	And white robes were given to every one of them; and it was said to them, that they should rest yet for a little season, until their fellow servants also and their brothers, that should be killed as they were, should be fulfilled.
Judges 3:27	And it came to pass, when he was come, that he blew a trumpet in the mountain of Ephraim, and the children of Israel went down with him from the mount, and he before them.
Genesis 38:20	And Judah sent the kid by the hand of his friend the Adullamite, to receive his pledge from the woman’s hand: but he found her not.
Proverbs 2:4	If you seek her as silver, and search for her as for hid treasures;
Genesis 11:19	And Peleg lived after he begat Reu two hundred and nine years, and begat sons and daughters.
Psalm 106:13	They soon forgot his works; they waited not for his counsel:
Acts 13:30	But God raised him from the dead:
2 Samuel 15:22	And David said to Ittai, Go and pass over. And Ittai the Gittite passed over, and all his men, and all the little ones that were with him.
Deuteronomy 21:17	But he shall acknowledge the son of the hated for the firstborn, by giving him a double portion of all that he has: for he is the beginning of his strength; the right of the firstborn is his.
2 Kings 10:33	From Jordan eastward, all the land of Gilead, the Gadites, and the Reubenites, and the Manassites, from Aroer, which is by the river Arnon, even Gilead and Bashan.
Isaiah 21:2	A grievous vision is declared to me; the treacherous dealer deals treacherously, and the spoiler spoils. Go up, O Elam: besiege, O Media; all the sighing thereof have I made to cease.
Leviticus 5:5	And it shall be, when he shall be guilty in one of these things, that he shall confess that he has sinned in that thing:
Genesis 14:3	All these were joined together in the vale of Siddim, which is the salt sea.
Job 13:12	Your remembrances are like to ashes, your bodies to bodies of clay.
Ezekiel 14:15	If I cause noisome beasts to pass through the land, and they spoil it, so that it be desolate, that no man may pass through because of the beasts:
Acts 14:18	And with these sayings scarce restrained they the people, that they had not done sacrifice to them.
Luke 17:37	And they answered and said to him, Where, Lord? And he said to them, Wherever the body is, thither will the eagles be gathered together.
Isaiah 60:19	The sun shall be no more your light by day; neither for brightness shall the moon give light to you: but the LORD shall be to you an everlasting light, and your God your glory.
Psalm 31:13	For I have heard the slander of many: fear was on every side: while they took counsel together against me, they devised to take away my life.
Psalm 73:9	They set their mouth against the heavens, and their tongue walks through the earth.
John 17:1	These words spoke Jesus, and lifted up his eyes to heaven, and said, Father, the hour is come; glorify your Son, that your Son also may glorify you:
Ezra 7:3	The son of Amariah, the son of Azariah, the son of Meraioth,
Exodus 27:1	And you shall make an altar of shittim wood, five cubits long, and five cubits broad; the altar shall be foursquare: and the height thereof shall be three cubits.
Esther 5:6	And the king said to Esther at the banquet of wine, What is your petition? and it shall be granted you: and what is your request? even to the half of the kingdom it shall be performed.
Psalm 119:109	My soul is continually in my hand: yet do I not forget your law.
2 Kings 12:8	And the priests consented to receive no more money of the people, neither to repair the breaches of the house.
Numbers 16:48	And he stood between the dead and the living; and the plague was stayed.
2 Chronicles 29:1	Hezekiah began to reign when he was five and twenty years old, and he reigned nine and twenty years in Jerusalem. And his mother’s name was Abijah, the daughter of Zechariah.
John 6:28	Then said they to him, What shall we do, that we might work the works of God?
Mark 13:31	Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.
Matthew 13:36	Then Jesus sent the multitude away, and went into the house: and his disciples came to him, saying, Declare to us the parable of the tares of the field.
2 Chronicles 32:16	And his servants spoke yet more against the LORD God, and against his servant Hezekiah.
Acts 4:34	Neither was there any among them that lacked: for as many as were possessors of lands or houses sold them, and brought the prices of the things that were sold,
1 Corinthians 3:14	If any man’s work abide which he has built thereupon, he shall receive a reward.
Leviticus 15:11	And whomsoever he touches that has the issue, and has not rinsed his hands in water, he shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.
Ecclesiastes 10:12	The words of a wise man’s mouth are gracious; but the lips of a fool will swallow up himself.
Luke 9:21	And he straightly charged them, and commanded them to tell no man that thing;
Daniel 9:5	We have sinned, and have committed iniquity, and have done wickedly, and have rebelled, even by departing from your precepts and from your judgments:
Matthew 7:11	If you then, being evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more shall your Father which is in heaven give good things to them that ask him?
Galatians 3:20	Now a mediator is not a mediator of one, but God is one.
Joshua 1:15	Until the LORD have given your brothers rest, as he has given you, and they also have possessed the land which the LORD your God gives them: then you shall return to the land of your possession, and enjoy it, which Moses the LORD’s servant gave you on this side Jordan toward the sun rise.
Exodus 13:21	And the LORD went before them by day in a pillar of a cloud, to lead them the way; and by night in a pillar of fire, to give them light; to go by day and night:
Deuteronomy 17:10	And you shall do according to the sentence, which they of that place which the LORD shall choose shall show you; and you shall observe to do according to all that they inform you:
Revelation 6:15	And the kings of the earth, and the great men, and the rich men, and the chief captains, and the mighty men, and every slave, and every free man, hid themselves in the dens and in the rocks of the mountains;
2 Chronicles 13:18	Thus the children of Israel were brought under at that time, and the children of Judah prevailed, because they relied on the LORD God of their fathers.
Ezra 2:66	Their horses were seven hundred thirty and six; their mules, two hundred forty and five;
2 Kings 21:13	And I will stretch over Jerusalem the line of Samaria, and the plummet of the house of Ahab: and I will wipe Jerusalem as a man wipes a dish, wiping it, and turning it upside down.
Numbers 36:4	And when the jubilee of the children of Israel shall be, then shall their inheritance be put to the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they are received: so shall their inheritance be taken away from the inheritance of the tribe of our fathers.
Genesis 47:1	Then Joseph came and told Pharaoh, and said, My father and my brothers, and their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have, are come out of the land of Canaan; and, behold, they are in the land of Goshen.
Ezekiel 43:20	And you shall take of the blood thereof, and put it on the four horns of it, and on the four corners of the settle, and on the border round about: thus shall you cleanse and purge it.
Genesis 18:31	And he said, Behold now, I have taken on me to speak to the LORD: Peradventure there shall be twenty found there. And he said, I will not destroy it for twenty’s sake.
Psalm 127:3	See, children are an heritage of the LORD: and the fruit of the womb is his reward.
Numbers 14:13	And Moses said to the LORD, Then the Egyptians shall hear it, (for you brought up this people in your might from among them;)
Matthew 22:39	And the second is like to it, You shall love your neighbor as yourself.
Esther 10:1	And the king Ahasuerus laid a tribute on the land, and on the isles of the sea.
Numbers 14:7	And they spoke to all the company of the children of Israel, saying, The land, which we passed through to search it, is an exceeding good land.
Jeremiah 29:26	The LORD has made you priest in the stead of Jehoiada the priest, that you should be officers in the house of the LORD, for every man that is mad, and makes himself a prophet, that you should put him in prison, and in the stocks.
James 1:5	If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that gives to all men liberally, and upbraides not; and it shall be given him.
Luke 17:8	And will not rather say to him, Make ready with which I may sup, and gird yourself, and serve me, till I have eaten and drunken; and afterward you shall eat and drink?
Luke 3:28	Which was the son of Melchi, which was the son of Addi, which was the son of Cosam, which was the son of Elmodam, which was the son of Er,
Job 18:20	They that come after him shall be astonished at his day, as they that went before were affrighted.
2 Samuel 16:6	And he cast stones at David, and at all the servants of king David: and all the people and all the mighty men were on his right hand and on his left.
2 Samuel 12:12	For you did it secretly: but I will do this thing before all Israel, and before the sun.
Micah 5:13	Your graven images also will I cut off, and your standing images out of the middle of you; and you shall no more worship the work of your hands.
Numbers 12:1	And Miriam and Aaron spoke against Moses because of the Ethiopian woman whom he had married: for he had married an Ethiopian woman.
Deuteronomy 9:20	And the LORD was very angry with Aaron to have destroyed him: and I prayed for Aaron also the same time.
John 5:7	The weak man answered him, Sir, I have no man, when the water is troubled, to put me into the pool: but while I am coming, another steps down before me.
Titus 1:13	This witness is true. Why rebuke them sharply, that they may be sound in the faith;
Isaiah 6:8	Also I heard the voice of the Lord, saying, Whom shall I send, and who will go for us? Then said I, Here am I; send me.
Zechariah 12:10	And I will pour on the house of David, and on the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the spirit of grace and of supplications: and they shall look on me whom they have pierced, and they shall mourn for him, as one mourns for his only son, and shall be in bitterness for him, as one that is in bitterness for his firstborn.
1 Kings 18:31	And Elijah took twelve stones, according to the number of the tribes of the sons of Jacob, to whom the word of the LORD came, saying, Israel shall be your name:
1 Kings 16:27	Now the rest of the acts of Omri which he did, and his might that he showed, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
1 Samuel 22:14	Then Ahimelech answered the king, and said, And who is so faithful among all your servants as David, which is the king’s son in law, and goes at your bidding, and is honorable in your house?
Ezekiel 34:27	And the tree of the field shall yield her fruit, and the earth shall yield her increase, and they shall be safe in their land, and shall know that I am the LORD, when I have broken the bands of their yoke, and delivered them out of the hand of those that served themselves of them.
Judges 16:8	Then the lords of the Philistines brought up to her seven green thongs which had not been dried, and she bound him with them.
Hebrews 7:10	For he was yet in the loins of his father, when Melchisedec met him.
Deuteronomy 1:12	How can I myself alone bear your cumbrance, and your burden, and your strife?
Job 38:18	Have you perceived the breadth of the earth? declare if you know it all.
Zechariah 14:14	And Judah also shall fight at Jerusalem; and the wealth of all the heathen round about shall be gathered together, gold, and silver, and apparel, in great abundance.
Exodus 14:8	And the LORD hardened the heart of Pharaoh king of Egypt, and he pursued after the children of Israel: and the children of Israel went out with an high hand.
Deuteronomy 8:13	And when your herds and your flocks multiply, and your silver and your gold is multiplied, and all that you have is multiplied;
Zephaniah 2:14	And flocks shall lie down in the middle of her, all the beasts of the nations: both the cormorant and the bittern shall lodge in the upper lintels of it; their voice shall sing in the windows; desolation shall be in the thresholds; for he shall uncover the cedar work.
Ezra 8:10	And of the sons of Shelomith; the son of Josiphiah, and with him an hundred and three score males.
Romans 16:13	Salute Rufus chosen in the Lord, and his mother and mine.
Luke 15:15	And he went and joined himself to a citizen of that country; and he sent him into his fields to feed swine.
Leviticus 10:17	Why have you not eaten the sin offering in the holy place, seeing it is most holy, and God has given it you to bear the iniquity of the congregation, to make atonement for them before the LORD?
Jeremiah 4:14	O Jerusalem, wash your heart from wickedness, that you may be saved. How long shall your vain thoughts lodge within you?
Job 6:10	Then should I yet have comfort; yes, I would harden myself in sorrow: let him not spare; for I have not concealed the words of the Holy One.
Leviticus 21:23	Only he shall not go in to the veil, nor come near to the altar, because he has a blemish; that he profane not my sanctuaries: for I the LORD do sanctify them.
Job 8:15	He shall lean on his house, but it shall not stand: he shall hold it fast, but it shall not endure.
Psalm 81:11	But my people would not listen to my voice; and Israel would none of me.
Nehemiah 3:9	And next to them repaired Rephaiah the son of Hur, the ruler of the half part of Jerusalem.
Psalm 68:33	To him that rides on the heavens of heavens, which were of old; see, he does send out his voice, and that a mighty voice.
Ezekiel 13:8	Therefore thus said the Lord GOD; Because you have spoken vanity, and seen lies, therefore, behold, I am against you, said the Lord GOD.
Esther 3:7	In the first month, that is, the month Nisan, in the twelfth year of king Ahasuerus, they cast Pur, that is, the lot, before Haman from day to day, and from month to month, to the twelfth month, that is, the month Adar.
1 Chronicles 24:19	These were the orderings of them in their service to come into the house of the LORD, according to their manner, under Aaron their father, as the LORD God of Israel had commanded him.
Matthew 2:5	And they said to him, In Bethlehem of Judaea: for thus it is written by the prophet,
2 Samuel 2:8	But Abner the son of Ner, captain of Saul’s host, took Ishbosheth the son of Saul, and brought him over to Mahanaim;
2 Samuel 18:1	And David numbered the people that were with him, and set captains of thousands, and captains of hundreds over them.
John 1:36	And looking on Jesus as he walked, he said, Behold the Lamb of God!
1 Chronicles 3:23	And the sons of Neariah; Elioenai, and Hezekiah, and Azrikam, three.
Leviticus 16:7	And he shall take the two goats, and present them before the LORD at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Psalm 146:2	While I live will I praise the LORD: I will sing praises to my God while I have any being.
Psalm 6:10	Let all my enemies be ashamed and sore vexed: let them return and be ashamed suddenly.
Psalm 26:7	That I may publish with the voice of thanksgiving, and tell of all your wondrous works.
Job 30:13	They mar my path, they set forward my calamity, they have no helper.
Jeremiah 48:10	Cursed be he that does the work of the LORD deceitfully, and cursed be he that keeps back his sword from blood.
Luke 12:6	Are not five sparrows sold for two farthings, and not one of them is forgotten before God?
Nehemiah 7:36	The children of Jericho, three hundred forty and five.
Acts 7:25	For he supposed his brothers would have understood how that God by his hand would deliver them: but they understood not.
Luke 9:61	And another also said, Lord, I will follow you; but let me first go bid them farewell, which are at home at my house.
Proverbs 5:13	And have not obeyed the voice of my teachers, nor inclined my ear to them that instructed me!
1 Kings 5:2	And Solomon sent to Hiram, saying,
Ruth 1:1	Now it came to pass in the days when the judges ruled, that there was a famine in the land. And a certain man of Bethlehemjudah went to sojourn in the country of Moab, he, and his wife, and his two sons.
Genesis 45:7	And God sent me before you to preserve you a posterity in the earth, and to save your lives by a great deliverance.
Ezekiel 20:2	Then came the word of the LORD to me, saying,
Job 1:4	And his sons went and feasted in their houses, every one his day; and sent and called for their three sisters to eat and to drink with them.
Daniel 2:42	And as the toes of the feet were part of iron, and part of clay, so the kingdom shall be partly strong, and partly broken.
Jeremiah 21:7	And afterward, said the LORD, I will deliver Zedekiah king of Judah, and his servants, and the people, and such as are left in this city from the pestilence, from the sword, and from the famine, into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, and into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of those that seek their life: and he shall smite them with the edge of the sword; he shall not spare them, neither have pity, nor have mercy.
Psalm 31:23	O love the LORD, all you his saints: for the LORD preserves the faithful, and plentifully rewards the proud doer.
2 Chronicles 17:13	And he had much business in the cities of Judah: and the men of war, mighty men of valor, were in Jerusalem.
Job 32:14	Now he has not directed his words against me: neither will I answer him with your speeches.
Isaiah 21:17	And the residue of the number of archers, the mighty men of the children of Kedar, shall be diminished: for the LORD God of Israel has spoken it.
Judges 9:48	And Abimelech got him up to mount Zalmon, he and all the people that were with him; and Abimelech took an ax in his hand, and cut down a bough from the trees, and took it, and laid it on his shoulder, and said to the people that were with him, What you have seen me do, make haste, and do as I have done.
Proverbs 5:22	His own iniquities shall take the wicked himself, and he shall be held with the cords of his sins.
Revelation 18:18	And cried when they saw the smoke of her burning, saying, What city is like to this great city!
Genesis 24:24	And she said to him, I am the daughter of Bethuel the son of Milcah, which she bore to Nahor.
Psalm 33:17	An horse is a vain thing for safety: neither shall he deliver any by his great strength.
Ezekiel 3:6	Not to many people of a strange speech and of an hard language, whose words you can not understand. Surely, had I sent you to them, they would have listened to you.
Psalm 105:10	And confirmed the same to Jacob for a law, and to Israel for an everlasting covenant:
Leviticus 11:42	Whatever goes on the belly, and whatever goes on all four, or whatever has more feet among all creeping things that creep on the earth, them you shall not eat; for they are an abomination.
2 Chronicles 3:11	And the wings of the cherubim were twenty cubits long: one wing of the one cherub was five cubits, reaching to the wall of the house: and the other wing was likewise five cubits, reaching to the wing of the other cherub.
Leviticus 6:27	Whatever shall touch the flesh thereof shall be holy: and when there is sprinkled of the blood thereof on any garment, you shall wash that where on it was sprinkled in the holy place.
Genesis 41:41	And Pharaoh said to Joseph, See, I have set you over all the land of Egypt.
Matthew 5:18	For truly I say to you, Till heaven and earth pass, one stroke or one pronunciation mark shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled.
Daniel 2:13	And the decree went forth that the wise men should be slain; and they sought Daniel and his fellows to be slain.
Isaiah 65:23	They shall not labor in vain, nor bring forth for trouble; for they are the seed of the blessed of the LORD, and their offspring with them.
Amos 5:1	Hear you this word which I take up against you, even a lamentation, O house of Israel.
Romans 11:22	Behold therefore the goodness and severity of God: on them which fell, severity; but toward you, goodness, if you continue in his goodness: otherwise you also shall be cut off.
Matthew 27:51	And, behold, the veil of the temple was rent in two from the top to the bottom; and the earth did quake, and the rocks rent;
Acts 27:24	Saying, Fear not, Paul; you must be brought before Caesar: and, see, God has given you all them that sail with you.
Judges 19:6	And they sat down, and did eat and drink both of them together: for the damsel’s father had said to the man, Be content, I pray you, and tarry all night, and let your heart be merry.
Luke 6:29	And to him that smites you on the one cheek offer also the other; and him that takes away your cloak forbid not to take your coat also.
Romans 8:19	For the earnest expectation of the creature waits for the manifestation of the sons of God.
Ezekiel 47:23	And it shall come to pass, that in what tribe the stranger sojournes, there shall you give him his inheritance, said the Lord GOD.
Genesis 41:43	And he made him to ride in the second chariot which he had; and they cried before him, Bow the knee: and he made him ruler over all the land of Egypt.
2 Corinthians 4:3	But if our gospel be hid, it is hid to them that are lost:
Psalm 57:2	I will cry to God most high; to God that performes all things for me.
1 Kings 17:4	And it shall be, that you shall drink of the brook; and I have commanded the ravens to feed you there.
Genesis 41:21	And when they had eaten them up, it could not be known that they had eaten them; but they were still ill favored, as at the beginning. So I awoke.
Judges 8:1	And the men of Ephraim said to him, Why have you served us thus, that you called us not, when you went to fight with the Midianites? And they did chide with him sharply.
1 John 5:3	For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments: and his commandments are not grievous.
Psalm 96:11	Let the heavens rejoice, and let the earth be glad; let the sea roar, and the fullness thereof.
Numbers 12:6	And he said, Hear now my words: If there be a prophet among you, I the LORD will make myself known to him in a vision, and will speak to him in a dream.
Genesis 18:18	Seeing that Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him?
1 Samuel 17:15	But David went and returned from Saul to feed his father’s sheep at Bethlehem.
Psalm 62:1	Truly my soul waits on God: from him comes my salvation.
1 Kings 4:22	And Solomon’s provision for one day was thirty measures of fine flour, and three score measures of meal,
Judges 11:31	Then it shall be, that whatever comes forth of the doors of my house to meet me, when I return in peace from the children of Ammon, shall surely be the LORD’s, and I will offer it up for a burnt offering.
2 Kings 18:31	Listen not to Hezekiah: for thus said the king of Assyria, Make an agreement with me by a present, and come out to me, and then eat you every man of his own vine, and every one of his fig tree, and drink you every one the waters of his cistern:
Exodus 17:10	So Joshua did as Moses had said to him, and fought with Amalek: and Moses, Aaron, and Hur went up to the top of the hill.
Proverbs 15:8	The sacrifice of the wicked is an abomination to the LORD: but the prayer of the upright is his delight.
Jeremiah 47:1	The word of the LORD that came to Jeremiah the prophet against the Philistines, before that Pharaoh smote Gaza.
Psalm 103:3	Who forgives all your iniquities; who heals all your diseases;
1 Corinthians 16:2	On the first day of the week let every one of you lay by him in store, as God has prospered him, that there be no gatherings when I come.
Judges 20:16	Among all this people there were seven hundred chosen men left handed; every one could sling stones at an hair breadth, and not miss.
Judges 9:46	And when all the men of the tower of Shechem heard that, they entered into an hold of the house of the god Berith.
Haggai 1:15	In the four and twentieth day of the sixth month, in the second year of Darius the king.
Proverbs 23:23	Buy the truth, and sell it not; also wisdom, and instruction, and understanding.
Song of Solomon 4:1	Behold, you are fair, my love; behold, you are fair; you have doves’ eyes within your locks: your hair is as a flock of goats, that appear from mount Gilead.
Deuteronomy 6:5	And you shall love the LORD your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your might.
Proverbs 26:14	As the door turns on his hinges, so does the slothful on his bed.
Daniel 5:19	And for the majesty that he gave him, all people, nations, and languages, trembled and feared before him: whom he would he slew; and whom he would he kept alive; and whom he would he set up; and whom he would he put down.
Deuteronomy 18:5	For the LORD your God has chosen him out of all your tribes, to stand to minister in the name of the LORD, him and his sons for ever.
Mark 14:34	And said to them, My soul is exceeding sorrowful to death: tarry you here, and watch.
Nehemiah 11:30	Zanoah, Adullam, and in their villages, at Lachish, and the fields thereof, at Azekah, and in the villages thereof. And they dwelled from Beersheba to the valley of Hinnom.
2 Kings 13:6	Nevertheless they departed not from the sins of the house of Jeroboam, who made Israel sin, but walked therein: and there remained the grove also in Samaria.)
1 Kings 8:56	Blessed be the LORD, that has given rest to his people Israel, according to all that he promised: there has not failed one word of all his good promise, which he promised by the hand of Moses his servant.
Psalm 119:96	I have seen an end of all perfection: but your commandment is exceeding broad.
John 14:30	Hereafter I will not talk much with you: for the prince of this world comes, and has nothing in me.
Proverbs 6:33	A wound and dishonor shall he get; and his reproach shall not be wiped away.
Romans 11:34	For who has known the mind of the Lord? or who has been his counselor?
Daniel 7:1	In the first year of Belshazzar king of Babylon Daniel had a dream and visions of his head on his bed: then he wrote the dream, and told the sum of the matters.
Revelation 7:17	For the Lamb which is in the middle of the throne shall feed them, and shall lead them to living fountains of waters: and God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes.
Nehemiah 12:32	And after them went Hoshaiah, and half of the princes of Judah,
Isaiah 13:11	And I will punish the world for their evil, and the wicked for their iniquity; and I will cause the arrogance of the proud to cease, and will lay low the haughtiness of the terrible.
1 Chronicles 22:15	Moreover there are workmen with you in abundance, hewers and workers of stone and timber, and all manner of cunning men for every manner of work.
Genesis 45:2	And he wept aloud: and the Egyptians and the house of Pharaoh heard.
Psalm 31:10	For my life is spent with grief, and my years with sighing: my strength fails because of my iniquity, and my bones are consumed.
Hosea 1:5	And it shall come to pass at that day, that I will break the bow of Israel, in the valley of Jezreel.
Leviticus 25:43	You shall not rule over him with rigor; but shall fear your God.
Nahum 2:4	The chariots shall rage in the streets, they shall jostle one against another in the broad ways: they shall seem like torches, they shall run like the lightning.
2 Kings 5:10	And Elisha sent a messenger to him, saying, Go and wash in Jordan seven times, and your flesh shall come again to you, and you shall be clean.
2 Kings 15:3	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his father Amaziah had done;
Job 36:31	For by them judges he the people; he gives meat in abundance.
2 Chronicles 16:5	And it came to pass, when Baasha heard it, that he left off building of Ramah, and let his work cease.
2 Kings 4:25	So she went and came to the man of God to mount Carmel. And it came to pass, when the man of God saw her afar off, that he said to Gehazi his servant, Behold, yonder is that Shunammite:
Ezekiel 32:9	I will also vex the hearts of many people, when I shall bring your destruction among the nations, into the countries which you have not known.
Nehemiah 11:14	And their brothers, mighty men of valor, an hundred twenty and eight: and their overseer was Zabdiel, the son of one of the great men.
Habakkuk 1:13	You are of purer eyes than to behold evil, and can not look on iniquity: why look you on them that deal treacherously, and hold your tongue when the wicked devours the man that is more righteous than he?
2 Chronicles 35:2	And he set the priests in their charges, and encouraged them to the service of the house of the LORD,
1 Samuel 14:28	Then answered one of the people, and said, Your father straightly charged the people with an oath, saying, Cursed be the man that eats any food this day. And the people were faint.
Ezekiel 36:13	Thus said the Lord GOD; Because they say to you, You land devour up men, and have bereaved your nations:
Psalm 3:8	Salvation belongs to the LORD: your blessing is on your people. Selah.
Numbers 29:13	And you shall offer a burnt offering, a sacrifice made by fire, of a sweet smell to the LORD; thirteen young bullocks, two rams, and fourteen lambs of the first year; they shall be without blemish:
2 Samuel 8:5	And when the Syrians of Damascus came to succor Hadadezer king of Zobah, David slew of the Syrians two and twenty thousand men.
John 2:5	His mother said to the servants, Whatever he said to you, do it.
Numbers 21:12	From there they removed, and pitched in the valley of Zared.
Job 24:23	Though it be given him to be in safety, where on he rests; yet his eyes are on their ways.
Job 20:21	There shall none of his meat be left; therefore shall no man look for his goods.
Genesis 40:2	And Pharaoh was wroth against two of his officers, against the chief of the butlers, and against the chief of the bakers.
Isaiah 66:4	I also will choose their delusions, and will bring their fears on them; because when I called, none did answer; when I spoke, they did not hear: but they did evil before my eyes, and chose that in which I delighted not.
Isaiah 14:2	And the people shall take them, and bring them to their place: and the house of Israel shall possess them in the land of the LORD for servants and handmaids: and they shall take them captives, whose captives they were; and they shall rule over their oppressors.
Leviticus 25:5	That which grows of its own accord of your harvest you shall not reap, neither gather the grapes of your vine undressed: for it is a year of rest to the land.
Genesis 17:10	This is my covenant, which you shall keep, between me and you and your seed after you; Every man child among you shall be circumcised.
Romans 2:27	And shall not uncircumcision which is by nature, if it fulfill the law, judge you, who by the letter and circumcision do transgress the law?
Luke 12:9	But he that denies me before men shall be denied before the angels of God.
Isaiah 41:9	You whom I have taken from the ends of the earth, and called you from the chief men thereof, and said to you, You are my servant; I have chosen you, and not cast you away.
1 Chronicles 2:18	And Caleb the son of Hezron begat children of Azubah his wife, and of Jerioth: her sons are these; Jesher, and Shobab, and Ardon.
1 Chronicles 16:42	And with them Heman and Jeduthun with trumpets and cymbals for those that should make a sound, and with musical instruments of God. And the sons of Jeduthun were porters.
Ezra 8:2	Of the sons of Phinehas; Gershom: of the sons of Ithamar; Daniel: of the sons of David; Hattush.
Psalm 148:9	Mountains, and all hills; fruitful trees, and all cedars:
Psalm 137:1	By the rivers of Babylon, there we sat down, yes, we wept, when we remembered Zion.
Numbers 8:9	And you shall bring the Levites before the tabernacle of the congregation: and you shall gather the whole assembly of the children of Israel together:
Numbers 27:15	And Moses spoke to the LORD, saying,
Acts 21:16	There went with us also certain of the disciples of Caesarea, and brought with them one Mnason of Cyprus, an old disciple, with whom we should lodge.
John 12:33	This he said, signifying what death he should die.
Acts 9:8	And Saul arose from the earth; and when his eyes were opened, he saw no man: but they led him by the hand, and brought him into Damascus.
Isaiah 49:14	But Zion said, The LORD has forsaken me, and my Lord has forgotten me.
1 Kings 7:15	For he cast two pillars of brass, of eighteen cubits high apiece: and a line of twelve cubits did compass either of them about.
Jeremiah 43:13	He shall break also the images of Bethshemesh, that is in the land of Egypt; and the houses of the gods of the Egyptians shall he burn with fire.
Amos 3:14	That in the day that I shall visit the transgressions of Israel on him I will also visit the altars of Bethel: and the horns of the altar shall be cut off, and fall to the ground.
2 Corinthians 2:2	For if I make you sorry, who is he then that makes me glad, but the same which is made sorry by me?
Ruth 4:19	And Hezron begat Ram, and Ram begat Amminadab,
Genesis 36:17	And these are the sons of Reuel Esau’s son; duke Nahath, duke Zerah, duke Shammah, duke Mizzah: these are the dukes that came of Reuel in the land of Edom; these are the sons of Bashemath Esau’s wife.
Proverbs 12:13	The wicked is snared by the transgression of his lips: but the just shall come out of trouble.
2 Samuel 13:9	And she took a pan, and poured them out before him; but he refused to eat. And Amnon said, Have out all men from me. And they went out every man from him.
Mark 7:37	And were beyond measure astonished, saying, He has done all things well: he makes both the deaf to hear, and the dumb to speak.
Job 29:7	When I went out to the gate through the city, when I prepared my seat in the street!
John 2:21	But he spoke of the temple of his body.
2 Chronicles 36:11	Zedekiah was one and twenty years old when he began to reign, and reigned eleven years in Jerusalem.
Ezekiel 16:61	Then you shall remember your ways, and be ashamed, when you shall receive your sisters, your elder and your younger: and I will give them to you for daughters, but not by your covenant.
Ezekiel 34:17	And as for you, O my flock, thus said the Lord GOD; Behold, I judge between cattle and cattle, between the rams and the he goats.
Exodus 10:10	And he said to them, Let the LORD be so with you, as I will let you go, and your little ones: look to it; for evil is before you.
Amos 6:6	That drink wine in bowls, and anoint themselves with the chief ointments: but they are not grieved for the affliction of Joseph.
Proverbs 5:17	Let them be only your own, and not strangers’ with you.
Luke 1:75	In holiness and righteousness before him, all the days of our life.
Matthew 6:3	But when you do alms, let not your left hand know what your right hand does:
Jeremiah 6:29	The bellows are burned, the lead is consumed of the fire; the founder melts in vain: for the wicked are not plucked away.
Job 31:17	Or have eaten my morsel myself alone, and the fatherless has not eaten thereof;
Luke 19:15	And it came to pass, that when he was returned, having received the kingdom, then he commanded these servants to be called to him, to whom he had given the money, that he might know how much every man had gained by trading.
Isaiah 46:7	They bear him on the shoulder, they carry him, and set him in his place, and he stands; from his place shall he not remove: yes, one shall cry to him, yet can he not answer, nor save him out of his trouble.
Mark 5:14	And they that fed the swine fled, and told it in the city, and in the country. And they went out to see what it was that was done.
Romans 5:12	Why, as by one man sin entered into the world, and death by sin; and so death passed on all men, for that all have sinned:
Isaiah 59:10	We grope for the wall like the blind, and we grope as if we had no eyes: we stumble at noon day as in the night; we are in desolate places as dead men.
1 Samuel 13:2	Saul chose him three thousand men of Israel; whereof two thousand were with Saul in Michmash and in mount Bethel, and a thousand were with Jonathan in Gibeah of Benjamin: and the rest of the people he sent every man to his tent.
Numbers 18:12	All the best of the oil, and all the best of the wine, and of the wheat, the first fruits of them which they shall offer to the LORD, them have I given you.
2 Chronicles 29:27	And Hezekiah commanded to offer the burnt offering on the altar. And when the burnt offering began, the song of the LORD began also with the trumpets, and with the instruments ordained by David king of Israel.
Nehemiah 8:10	Then he said to them, Go your way, eat the fat, and drink the sweet, and send portions to them for whom nothing is prepared: for this day is holy to our LORD: neither be you sorry; for the joy of the LORD is your strength.
Nehemiah 9:37	And it yields much increase to the kings whom you have set over us because of our sins: also they have dominion over our bodies, and over our cattle, at their pleasure, and we are in great distress.
2 Chronicles 33:7	And he set a carved image, the idol which he had made, in the house of God, of which God had said to David and to Solomon his son, In this house, and in Jerusalem, which I have chosen before all the tribes of Israel, will I put my name for ever:
Exodus 7:4	But Pharaoh shall not listen to you, that I may lay my hand on Egypt, and bring forth my armies, and my people the children of Israel, out of the land of Egypt by great judgments.
Acts 2:38	Then Peter said to them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.
Nehemiah 3:13	The valley gate repaired Hanun, and the inhabitants of Zanoah; they built it, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof, and a thousand cubits on the wall to the dung gate.
Daniel 4:9	O Belteshazzar, master of the magicians, because I know that the spirit of the holy gods is in you, and no secret troubles you, tell me the visions of my dream that I have seen, and the interpretation thereof.
1 Kings 20:7	Then the king of Israel called all the elders of the land, and said, Mark, I pray you, and see how this man seeks mischief: for he sent to me for my wives, and for my children, and for my silver, and for my gold; and I denied him not.
Isaiah 9:9	And all the people shall know, even Ephraim and the inhabitant of Samaria, that say in the pride and stoutness of heart,
Ruth 1:7	Why she went forth out of the place where she was, and her two daughters in law with her; and they went on the way to return to the land of Judah.
2 Samuel 22:5	When the waves of death compassed me, the floods of ungodly men made me afraid;
Exodus 6:16	And these are the names of the sons of Levi according to their generations; Gershon, and Kohath, and Merari: and the years of the life of Levi were an hundred thirty and seven years.
John 8:40	But now you seek to kill me, a man that has told you the truth, which I have heard of God: this did not Abraham.
Ecclesiastes 6:2	A man to whom God has given riches, wealth, and honor, so that he wants nothing for his soul of all that he desires, yet God gives him not power to eat thereof, but a stranger eats it: this is vanity, and it is an evil disease.
Jeremiah 49:22	Behold, he shall come up and fly as the eagle, and spread his wings over Bozrah: and at that day shall the heart of the mighty men of Edom be as the heart of a woman in her pangs.
Isaiah 19:23	In that day shall there be a highway out of Egypt to Assyria, and the Assyrian shall come into Egypt, and the Egyptian into Assyria, and the Egyptians shall serve with the Assyrians.
Psalm 69:16	Hear me, O LORD; for your loving kindness is good: turn to me according to the multitude of your tender mercies.
Joshua 18:24	And Chepharhaammonai, and Ophni, and Gaba; twelve cities with their villages:
1 Kings 8:30	And listen you to the supplication of your servant, and of your people Israel, when they shall pray toward this place: and hear you in heaven your dwelling place: and when you hear, forgive.
Genesis 46:11	And the sons of Levi; Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.
1 Chronicles 3:21	And the sons of Hananiah; Pelatiah, and Jesaiah: the sons of Rephaiah, the sons of Arnan, the sons of Obadiah, the sons of Shechaniah.
Matthew 8:3	And Jesus put forth his hand, and touched him, saying, I will; be you clean. And immediately his leprosy was cleansed.
Isaiah 37:24	By your servants have you reproached the Lord, and have said, By the multitude of my chariots am I come up to the height of the mountains, to the sides of Lebanon; and I will cut down the tall cedars thereof, and the choice fir trees thereof: and I will enter into the height of his border, and the forest of his Carmel.
Nehemiah 2:5	And I said to the king, If it please the king, and if your servant have found favor in your sight, that you would send me to Judah, to the city of my fathers’ sepulchers, that I may build it.
1 Chronicles 13:1	And David consulted with the captains of thousands and hundreds, and with every leader.
Acts 2:24	Whom God has raised up, having loosed the pains of death: because it was not possible that he should be held of it.
Deuteronomy 12:13	Take heed to yourself that you offer not your burnt offerings in every place that you see:
Jeremiah 31:25	For I have satiated the weary soul, and I have replenished every sorrowful soul.
Job 39:29	From there she seeks the prey, and her eyes behold afar off.
Jeremiah 40:7	Now when all the captains of the forces which were in the fields, even they and their men, heard that the king of Babylon had made Gedaliah the son of Ahikam governor in the land, and had committed to him men, and women, and children, and of the poor of the land, of them that were not carried away captive to Babylon;
Job 28:14	The depth said, It is not in me: and the sea said, It is not with me.
Luke 20:21	And they asked him, saying, Master, we know that you say and teach rightly, neither accept you the person of any, but teach the way of God truly:
Psalm 135:11	Sihon king of the Amorites, and Og king of Bashan, and all the kingdoms of Canaan:
Leviticus 14:13	And he shall slay the lamb in the place where he shall kill the sin offering and the burnt offering, in the holy place: for as the sin offering is the priest’s, so is the trespass offering: it is most holy:
2 Kings 9:26	Surely I have seen yesterday the blood of Naboth, and the blood of his sons, said the LORD; and I will requite you in this plat, said the LORD. Now therefore take and cast him into the plat of ground, according to the word of the LORD.
Exodus 10:17	Now therefore forgive, I pray you, my sin only this once, and entreat the LORD your God, that he may take away from me this death only.
Isaiah 1:26	And I will restore your judges as at the first, and your counsellors as at the beginning: afterward you shall be called, The city of righteousness, the faithful city.
Numbers 26:55	Notwithstanding the land shall be divided by lot: according to the names of the tribes of their fathers they shall inherit.
2 Timothy 4:20	Erastus stayed at Corinth: but Trophimus have I left at Miletum sick.
Exodus 3:10	Come now therefore, and I will send you to Pharaoh, that you may bring forth my people the children of Israel out of Egypt.
Hebrews 10:30	For we know him that has said, Vengeance belongs to me, I will recompense, said the Lord. And again, The Lord shall judge his people.
1 Chronicles 15:4	And David assembled the children of Aaron, and the Levites:
Genesis 19:9	And they said, Stand back. And they said again, This one fellow came in to sojourn, and he will needs be a judge: now will we deal worse with you, than with them. And they pressed sore on the man, even Lot, and came near to break the door.
Mark 4:26	And he said, So is the kingdom of God, as if a man should cast seed into the ground;
John 9:30	The man answered and said to them, Why herein is a marvelous thing, that you know not from where he is, and yet he has opened my eyes.
2 Corinthians 2:17	For we are not as many, which corrupt the word of God: but as of sincerity, but as of God, in the sight of God speak we in Christ.
Judges 17:10	And Micah said to him, Dwell with me, and be to me a father and a priest, and I will give you ten shekels of silver by the year, and a suit of apparel, and your victuals. So the Levite went in.
Romans 16:19	For your obedience is come abroad to all men. I am glad therefore on your behalf: but yet I would have you wise to that which is good, and simple concerning evil.
Joshua 10:43	And Joshua returned, and all Israel with him, to the camp to Gilgal.
Proverbs 25:4	Take away the dross from the silver, and there shall come forth a vessel for the finer.
Acts 9:30	Which when the brothers knew, they brought him down to Caesarea, and sent him forth to Tarsus.
Leviticus 3:9	And he shall offer of the sacrifice of the peace offering an offering made by fire to the LORD; the fat thereof, and the whole rump, it shall he take off hard by the backbone; and the fat that covers the inwards, and all the fat that is on the inwards,
Luke 24:19	And he said to them, What things? And they said to him, Concerning Jesus of Nazareth, which was a prophet mighty in deed and word before God and all the people:
Acts 6:14	For we have heard him say, that this Jesus of Nazareth shall destroy this place, and shall change the customs which Moses delivered us.
Philippians 3:21	Who shall change our vile body, that it may be fashioned like to his glorious body, according to the working whereby he is able even to subdue all things to himself.
Mark 6:44	And they that did eat of the loaves were about five thousand men.
Nehemiah 12:2	Amariah, Malluch, Hattush,
Mark 9:38	And John answered him, saying, Master, we saw one casting out devils in your name, and he follows not us: and we forbade him, because he follows not us.
1 Peter 1:19	But with the precious blood of Christ, as of a lamb without blemish and without spot:
Ephesians 5:12	For it is a shame even to speak of those things which are done of them in secret.
Ecclesiastes 10:11	Surely the serpent will bite without enchantment; and a babbler is no better.
Mark 1:27	And they were all amazed, so that they questioned among themselves, saying, What thing is this? what new doctrine is this? for with authority commands he even the unclean spirits, and they do obey him.
Revelation 22:21	The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Ezekiel 19:8	Then the nations set against him on every side from the provinces, and spread their net over him: he was taken in their pit.
Joshua 23:14	And, behold, this day I am going the way of all the earth: and you know in all your hearts and in all your souls, that not one thing has failed of all the good things which the LORD your God spoke concerning you; all are come to pass to you, and not one thing has failed thereof.
Job 36:19	Will he esteem your riches? no, not gold, nor all the forces of strength.
Revelation 16:20	And every island fled away, and the mountains were not found.
Joshua 3:14	And it came to pass, when the people removed from their tents, to pass over Jordan, and the priests bearing the ark of the covenant before the people;
Luke 12:8	Also I say to you, Whoever shall confess me before men, him shall the Son of man also confess before the angels of God:
Exodus 26:8	The length of one curtain shall be thirty cubits, and the breadth of one curtain four cubits: and the eleven curtains shall be all of one measure.
Joshua 9:24	And they answered Joshua, and said, Because it was certainly told your servants, how that the LORD your God commanded his servant Moses to give you all the land, and to destroy all the inhabitants of the land from before you, therefore we were sore afraid of our lives because of you, and have done this thing.
Job 12:6	The tabernacles of robbers prosper, and they that provoke God are secure; into whose hand God brings abundantly.
Exodus 23:24	You shall not bow down to their gods, nor serve them, nor do after their works: but you shall utterly overthrow them, and quite break down their images.
Judges 21:10	And the congregation sent thither twelve thousand men of the most valiant, and commanded them, saying, Go and smite the inhabitants of Jabeshgilead with the edge of the sword, with the women and the children.
Exodus 26:10	And you shall make fifty loops on the edge of the one curtain that is outmost in the coupling, and fifty loops in the edge of the curtain which couples the second.
1 Chronicles 1:14	The Jebusite also, and the Amorite, and the Girgashite,
Leviticus 13:11	It is an old leprosy in the skin of his flesh, and the priest shall pronounce him unclean, and shall not shut him up: for he is unclean.
Genesis 2:2	And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made.
2 Kings 17:15	And they rejected his statutes, and his covenant that he made with their fathers, and his testimonies which he testified against them; and they followed vanity, and became vain, and went after the heathen that were round about them, concerning whom the LORD had charged them, that they should not do like them.
1 Samuel 1:27	For this child I prayed; and the LORD has given me my petition which I asked of him:
Jeremiah 32:41	Yes, I will rejoice over them to do them good, and I will plant them in this land assuredly with my whole heart and with my whole soul.
Matthew 23:1	Then spoke Jesus to the multitude, and to his disciples,
John 6:69	And we believe and are sure that you are that Christ, the Son of the living God.
Ezekiel 36:3	Therefore prophesy and say, Thus said the Lord GOD; Because they have made you desolate, and swallowed you up on every side, that you might be a possession to the residue of the heathen, and you are taken up in the lips of talkers, and are an infamy of the people:
1 Kings 15:6	And there was war between Rehoboam and Jeroboam all the days of his life.
2 Samuel 16:7	And thus said Shimei when he cursed, Come out, come out, you bloody man, and you man of Belial:
Acts 2:2	And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting.
Isaiah 63:17	O LORD, why have you made us to err from your ways, and hardened our heart from your fear? Return for your servants’ sake, the tribes of your inheritance.
2 Kings 23:30	And his servants carried him in a chariot dead from Megiddo, and brought him to Jerusalem, and buried him in his own sepulcher. And the people of the land took Jehoahaz the son of Josiah, and anointed him, and made him king in his father’s stead.
Matthew 8:29	And, behold, they cried out, saying, What have we to do with you, Jesus, you Son of God? are you come here to torment us before the time?
2 Samuel 12:2	The rich man had exceeding many flocks and herds:
Acts 7:35	This Moses whom they refused, saying, Who made you a ruler and a judge? the same did God send to be a ruler and a deliverer by the hand of the angel which appeared to him in the bush.
Psalm 19:12	Who can understand his errors? cleanse you me from secret faults.
Deuteronomy 9:26	I prayed therefore to the LORD, and said, O Lord GOD, destroy not your people and your inheritance, which you have redeemed through your greatness, which you have brought forth out of Egypt with a mighty hand.
Numbers 18:32	And you shall bear no sin by reason of it, when you have heaved from it the best of it: neither shall you pollute the holy things of the children of Israel, lest you die.
Mark 12:37	David therefore himself calls him Lord; and from where is he then his son? And the common people heard him gladly.
Titus 2:9	Exhort servants to be obedient to their own masters, and to please them well in all things; not answering again;
Revelation 1:5	And from Jesus Christ, who is the faithful witness, and the first begotten of the dead, and the prince of the kings of the earth. To him that loved us, and washed us from our sins in his own blood,
Habakkuk 2:2	And the LORD answered me, and said, Write the vision, and make it plain on tables, that he may run that reads it.
Exodus 40:31	And Moses and Aaron and his sons washed their hands and their feet thereat:
2 Kings 24:11	And Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came against the city, and his servants did besiege it.
Deuteronomy 14:19	And every creeping thing that flies is unclean to you: they shall not be eaten.
2 Kings 4:37	Then she went in, and fell at his feet, and bowed herself to the ground, and took up her son, and went out.
Habakkuk 1:3	Why do you show me iniquity, and cause me to behold grievance? for spoiling and violence are before me: and there are that raise up strife and contention.
Psalm 22:7	All they that see me laugh me to scorn: they shoot out the lip, they shake the head, saying,
1 Kings 4:32	And he spoke three thousand proverbs: and his songs were a thousand and five.
Haggai 2:4	Yet now be strong, O Zerubbabel, said the LORD; and be strong, O Joshua, son of Josedech, the high priest; and be strong, all you people of the land, said the LORD, and work: for I am with you, said the LORD of hosts:
Judges 4:24	And the hand of the children of Israel prospered, and prevailed against Jabin the king of Canaan, until they had destroyed Jabin king of Canaan.
Leviticus 6:12	And the fire on the altar shall be burning in it; it shall not be put out: and the priest shall burn wood on it every morning, and lay the burnt offering in order on it; and he shall burn thereon the fat of the peace offerings.
1 Samuel 25:43	David also took Ahinoam of Jezreel; and they were also both of them his wives.
Job 30:27	My bowels boiled, and rested not: the days of affliction prevented me.
Psalm 118:11	They compassed me about; yes, they compassed me about: but in the name of the LORD I will destroy them.
2 Kings 8:13	And Hazael said, But what, is your servant a dog, that he should do this great thing? And Elisha answered, The LORD has showed me that you shall be king over Syria.
Ezekiel 3:2	So I opened my mouth, and he caused me to eat that roll.
1 Kings 14:21	And Rehoboam the son of Solomon reigned in Judah. Rehoboam was forty and one years old when he began to reign, and he reigned seventeen years in Jerusalem, the city which the LORD did choose out of all the tribes of Israel, to put his name there. And his mother’s name was Naamah an Ammonitess.
Zephaniah 2:6	And the sea coast shall be dwellings and cottages for shepherds, and folds for flocks.
Judges 2:6	And when Joshua had let the people go, the children of Israel went every man to his inheritance to possess the land.
Hebrews 9:20	Saying, This is the blood of the testament which God has enjoined to you.
Isaiah 65:8	Thus said the LORD, As the new wine is found in the cluster, and one said, Destroy it not; for a blessing is in it: so will I do for my servants’ sakes, that I may not destroy them all.
Jeremiah 31:31	Behold, the days come, said the LORD, that I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel, and with the house of Judah:
Ezekiel 37:22	And I will make them one nation in the land on the mountains of Israel; and one king shall be king to them all: and they shall be no more two nations, neither shall they be divided into two kingdoms any more at all.
Luke 10:13	Woe to you, Chorazin! woe to you, Bethsaida! for if the mighty works had been done in Tyre and Sidon, which have been done in you, they had a great while ago repented, sitting in sackcloth and ashes.
Matthew 7:28	And it came to pass, when Jesus had ended these sayings, the people were astonished at his doctrine:
1 Chronicles 16:32	Let the sea roar, and the fullness thereof: let the fields rejoice, and all that is therein.
1 Kings 4:10	The son of Hesed, in Aruboth; to him pertained Sochoh, and all the land of Hepher:
Acts 8:21	You have neither part nor lot in this matter: for your heart is not right in the sight of God.
Proverbs 23:27	For a whore is a deep ditch; and a strange woman is a narrow pit.
Colossians 2:10	And you are complete in him, which is the head of all principality and power:
Proverbs 30:10	Accuse not a servant to his master, lest he curse you, and you be found guilty.
Amos 1:3	Thus said the LORD; For three transgressions of Damascus, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they have threshed Gilead with threshing instruments of iron:
Psalm 9:16	The LORD is known by the judgment which he executes: the wicked is snared in the work of his own hands. Higgaion. Selah.
1 Kings 17:24	And the woman said to Elijah, Now by this I know that you are a man of God, and that the word of the LORD in your mouth is truth.
Exodus 24:5	And he sent young men of the children of Israel, which offered burnt offerings, and sacrificed peace offerings of oxen to the LORD.
Leviticus 25:3	Six years you shall sow your field, and six years you shall prune your vineyard, and gather in the fruit thereof;
Romans 2:26	Therefore if the uncircumcision keep the righteousness of the law, shall not his uncircumcision be counted for circumcision?
2 Chronicles 14:11	And Asa cried to the LORD his God, and said, LORD, it is nothing with you to help, whether with many, or with them that have no power: help us, O LORD our God; for we rest on you, and in your name we go against this multitude. O LORD, you are our God; let no man prevail against you.
Proverbs 18:15	The heart of the prudent gets knowledge; and the ear of the wise seeks knowledge.
Hebrews 6:2	Of the doctrine of baptisms, and of laying on of hands, and of resurrection of the dead, and of eternal judgment.
Judges 5:20	They fought from heaven; the stars in their courses fought against Sisera.
Ezra 9:8	And now for a little space grace has been showed from the LORD our God, to leave us a remnant to escape, and to give us a nail in his holy place, that our God may lighten our eyes, and give us a little reviving in our bondage.
Psalm 41:2	The LORD will preserve him, and keep him alive; and he shall be blessed on the earth: and you will not deliver him to the will of his enemies.
Isaiah 62:8	The LORD has sworn by his right hand, and by the arm of his strength, Surely I will no more give your corn to be meat for your enemies; and the sons of the stranger shall not drink your wine, for the which you have labored:
Luke 11:37	And as he spoke, a certain Pharisee sought him to dine with him: and he went in, and sat down to meat.
2 Corinthians 2:14	Now thanks be to God, which always causes us to triumph in Christ, and makes manifest the aroma of his knowledge by us in every place.
Luke 22:57	And he denied him, saying, Woman, I know him not.
Exodus 23:20	Behold, I send an Angel before you, to keep you in the way, and to bring you into the place which I have prepared.
Acts 3:23	And it shall come to pass, that every soul, which will not hear that prophet, shall be destroyed from among the people.
2 Kings 5:7	And it came to pass, when the king of Israel had read the letter, that he rent his clothes, and said, Am I God, to kill and to make alive, that this man does send to me to recover a man of his leprosy? why consider, I pray you, and see how he seeks a quarrel against me.
Matthew 3:9	And think not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father: for I say to you, that God is able of these stones to raise up children to Abraham.
Acts 5:37	After this man rose up Judas of Galilee in the days of the taxing, and drew away much people after him: he also perished; and all, even as many as obeyed him, were dispersed.
Matthew 12:12	How much then is a man better than a sheep? Why it is lawful to do well on the sabbath days.
John 13:5	After that he pours water into a basin, and began to wash the disciples’ feet, and to wipe them with the towel with which he was girded.
Luke 16:20	And there was a certain beggar named Lazarus, which was laid at his gate, full of sores,
John 12:40	He has blinded their eyes, and hardened their heart; that they should not see with their eyes, nor understand with their heart, and be converted, and I should heal them.
Proverbs 10:32	The lips of the righteous know what is acceptable: but the mouth of the wicked speaks frowardness.
Deuteronomy 25:14	You shall not have in your house divers measures, a great and a small.
Genesis 29:35	And she conceived again, and bore a son: and she said, Now will I praise the LORD: therefore she called his name Judah; and left bearing.
Proverbs 26:15	The slothful hides his hand in his bosom; it grieves him to bring it again to his mouth.
Jonah 4:5	So Jonah went out of the city, and sat on the east side of the city, and there made him a booth, and sat under it in the shadow, till he might see what would become of the city.
Psalm 119:116	Uphold me according to your word, that I may live: and let me not be ashamed of my hope.
1 Chronicles 11:42	Adina the son of Shiza the Reubenite, a captain of the Reubenites, and thirty with him,
Psalm 145:3	Great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised; and his greatness is unsearchable.
2 Samuel 19:20	For your servant does know that I have sinned: therefore, behold, I am come the first this day of all the house of Joseph to go down to meet my lord the king.
2 Samuel 12:25	And he sent by the hand of Nathan the prophet; and he called his name Jedidiah, because of the LORD.
Ezekiel 29:16	And it shall be no more the confidence of the house of Israel, which brings their iniquity to remembrance, when they shall look after them: but they shall know that I am the Lord GOD.
Zechariah 11:13	And the LORD said to me, Cast it to the potter: a goodly price that I was priced at of them. And I took the thirty pieces of silver, and cast them to the potter in the house of the LORD.
Ezekiel 20:47	And say to the forest of the south, Hear the word of the LORD; Thus said the Lord GOD; Behold, I will kindle a fire in you, and it shall devour every green tree in you, and every dry tree: the flaming flame shall not be quenched, and all faces from the south to the north shall be burned therein.
Titus 1:15	To the pure all things are pure: but to them that are defiled and unbelieving is nothing pure; but even their mind and conscience is defiled.
Acts 16:6	Now when they had gone throughout Phrygia and the region of Galatia, and were forbidden of the Holy Ghost to preach the word in Asia,
Leviticus 16:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses after the death of the two sons of Aaron, when they offered before the LORD, and died;
1 John 3:10	In this the children of God are manifest, and the children of the devil: whoever does not righteousness is not of God, neither he that loves not his brother.
Galatians 4:10	You observe days, and months, and times, and years.
Leviticus 7:19	And the flesh that touches any unclean thing shall not be eaten; it shall be burnt with fire: and as for the flesh, all that be clean shall eat thereof.
Joshua 15:45	Ekron, with her towns and her villages:
2 Chronicles 31:2	And Hezekiah appointed the courses of the priests and the Levites after their courses, every man according to his service, the priests and Levites for burnt offerings and for peace offerings, to minister, and to give thanks, and to praise in the gates of the tents of the LORD.
1 Chronicles 4:34	And Meshobab, and Jamlech, and Joshah, the son of Amaziah,
Isaiah 1:11	To what purpose is the multitude of your sacrifices to me? said the LORD: I am full of the burnt offerings of rams, and the fat of fed beasts; and I delight not in the blood of bullocks, or of lambs, or of he goats.
Genesis 15:8	And he said, LORD God, whereby shall I know that I shall inherit it?
Luke 6:41	And why behold you the mote that is in your brother’s eye, but perceive not the beam that is in your own eye?
Genesis 46:17	And the sons of Asher; Jimnah, and Ishuah, and Isui, and Beriah, and Serah their sister: and the sons of Beriah; Heber, and Malchiel.
2 Thessalonians 2:4	Who opposes and exalts himself above all that is called God, or that is worshipped; so that he as God sits in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God.
Ecclesiastes 1:1	The words of the Preacher, the son of David, king in Jerusalem.
Acts 14:23	And when they had ordained them elders in every church, and had prayed with fasting, they commended them to the Lord, on whom they believed.
1 Thessalonians 2:16	Forbidding us to speak to the Gentiles that they might be saved, to fill up their sins always: for the wrath is come on them to the uttermost.
Psalm 80:18	So will not we go back from you: quicken us, and we will call on your name.
Nehemiah 9:29	And testified against them, that you might bring them again to your law: yet they dealt proudly, and listened not to your commandments, but sinned against your judgments, (which if a man do, he shall live in them;) and withdrew the shoulder, and hardened their neck, and would not hear.
1 Chronicles 6:49	But Aaron and his sons offered on the altar of the burnt offering, and on the altar of incense, and were appointed for all the work of the place most holy, and to make an atonement for Israel, according to all that Moses the servant of God had commanded.
Acts 1:2	Until the day in which he was taken up, after that he through the Holy Ghost had given commandments to the apostles whom he had chosen:
Psalm 132:7	We will go into his tabernacles: we will worship at his footstool.
John 10:2	But he that enters in by the door is the shepherd of the sheep.
1 Chronicles 21:17	And David said to God, Is it not I that commanded the people to be numbered? even I it is that have sinned and done evil indeed; but as for these sheep, what have they done? let your hand, I pray you, O LORD my God, be on me, and on my father’s house; but not on your people, that they should be plagued.
Genesis 27:27	And he came near, and kissed him: and he smelled the smell of his raiment, and blessed him, and said, See, the smell of my son is as the smell of a field which the LORD has blessed:
Isaiah 3:16	Moreover the LORD said, Because the daughters of Zion are haughty, and walk with stretched forth necks and wanton eyes, walking and mincing as they go, and making a tinkling with their feet:
Psalm 118:17	I shall not die, but live, and declare the works of the LORD.
Isaiah 24:13	When thus it shall be in the middle of the land among the people, there shall be as the shaking of an olive tree, and as the gleaning grapes when the vintage is done.
Judges 19:18	And he said to him, We are passing from Bethlehemjudah toward the side of mount Ephraim; from there am I: and I went to Bethlehemjudah, but I am now going to the house of the LORD; and there is no man that receives me to house.
Acts 16:33	And he took them the same hour of the night, and washed their stripes; and was baptized, he and all his, straightway.
Esther 2:19	And when the virgins were gathered together the second time, then Mordecai sat in the king’s gate.
Numbers 4:24	This is the service of the families of the Gershonites, to serve, and for burdens:
Acts 18:9	Then spoke the Lord to Paul in the night by a vision, Be not afraid, but speak, and hold not your peace:
Joshua 12:18	The king of Aphek, one; the king of Lasharon, one;
Revelation 18:13	And cinnamon, and odors, and ointments, and frankincense, and wine, and oil, and fine flour, and wheat, and beasts, and sheep, and horses, and chariots, and slaves, and souls of men.
John 18:35	Pilate answered, Am I a Jew? Your own nation and the chief priests have delivered you to me: what have you done?
Isaiah 28:4	And the glorious beauty, which is on the head of the fat valley, shall be a fading flower, and as the hasty fruit before the summer; which when he that looks on it sees, while it is yet in his hand he eats it up.
Ephesians 5:19	Speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord;
Genesis 30:19	And Leah conceived again, and bore Jacob the sixth son.
Isaiah 30:1	Woe to the rebellious children, said the LORD, that take counsel, but not of me; and that cover with a covering, but not of my spirit, that they may add sin to sin:
Joshua 11:2	And to the kings that were on the north of the mountains, and of the plains south of Chinneroth, and in the valley, and in the borders of Dor on the west,
Psalm 17:9	From the wicked that oppress me, from my deadly enemies, who compass me about.
Psalm 111:10	The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom: a good understanding have all they that do his commandments: his praise endures for ever.
Exodus 36:35	And he made a veil of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen: with cherubim made he it of cunning work.
Genesis 24:43	Behold, I stand by the well of water; and it shall come to pass, that when the virgin comes forth to draw water, and I say to her, Give me, I pray you, a little water of your pitcher to drink;
Judges 8:26	And the weight of the golden earrings that he requested was a thousand and seven hundred shekels of gold; beside ornaments, and collars, and purple raiment that was on the kings of Midian, and beside the chains that were about their camels’ necks.
1 Kings 18:2	And Elijah went to show himself to Ahab. And there was a sore famine in Samaria.
Mark 2:4	And when they could not come near to him for the press, they uncovered the roof where he was: and when they had broken it up, they let down the bed wherein the sick of the palsy lay.
Psalm 44:18	Our heart is not turned back, neither have our steps declined from your way;
Revelation 13:8	And all that dwell on the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.
Job 19:5	If indeed you will magnify yourselves against me, and plead against me my reproach:
John 1:49	Nathanael answered and said to him, Rabbi, you are the Son of God; you are the King of Israel.
Job 38:30	The waters are hid as with a stone, and the face of the deep is frozen.
1 Thessalonians 5:11	Why comfort yourselves together, and edify one another, even as also you do.
1 John 4:17	Herein is our love made perfect, that we may have boldness in the day of judgment: because as he is, so are we in this world.
Job 5:3	I have seen the foolish taking root: but suddenly I cursed his habitation.
Leviticus 13:42	And if there be in the bald head, or bald forehead, a white reddish sore; it is a leprosy sprung up in his bald head, or his bald forehead.
Proverbs 7:1	My son, keep my words, and lay up my commandments with you.
Ezekiel 46:15	Thus shall they prepare the lamb, and the meat offering, and the oil, every morning for a continual burnt offering.
Psalm 71:23	My lips shall greatly rejoice when I sing to you; and my soul, which you have redeemed.
Numbers 20:16	And when we cried to the LORD, he heard our voice, and sent an angel, and has brought us forth out of Egypt: and, behold, we are in Kadesh, a city in the uttermost of your border:
Job 21:8	Their seed is established in their sight with them, and their offspring before their eyes.
Isaiah 59:7	Their feet run to evil, and they make haste to shed innocent blood: their thoughts are thoughts of iniquity; wasting and destruction are in their paths.
Numbers 26:1	And it came to pass after the plague, that the LORD spoke to Moses and to Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest, saying,
Proverbs 27:9	Ointment and perfume rejoice the heart: so does the sweetness of a man’s friend by hearty counsel.
Jeremiah 15:11	The LORD said, Truly it shall be well with your remnant; truly I will cause the enemy to entreat you well in the time of evil and in the time of affliction.
Proverbs 20:2	The fear of a king is as the roaring of a lion: whoever provokes him to anger sins against his own soul.
Joshua 19:10	And the third lot came up for the children of Zebulun according to their families: and the border of their inheritance was to Sarid:
Nahum 3:7	And it shall come to pass, that all they that look on you shall flee from you, and say, Nineveh is laid waste: who will bemoan her? from where shall I seek comforters for you?
Judges 9:8	The trees went forth on a time to anoint a king over them; and they said to the olive tree, Reign you over us.
Genesis 10:6	And the sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, and Phut, and Canaan.
Genesis 49:3	Reuben, you are my firstborn, my might, and the beginning of my strength, the excellency of dignity, and the excellency of power:
2 Chronicles 24:23	And it came to pass at the end of the year, that the host of Syria came up against him: and they came to Judah and Jerusalem, and destroyed all the princes of the people from among the people, and sent all the spoil of them to the king of Damascus.
2 Samuel 1:7	And when he looked behind him, he saw me, and called to me. And I answered, Here am I.
Genesis 7:20	Fifteen cubits upward did the waters prevail; and the mountains were covered.
Matthew 26:66	What think you? They answered and said, He is guilty of death.
Deuteronomy 15:22	You shall eat it within your gates: the unclean and the clean person shall eat it alike, as the roebuck, and as the hart.
Psalm 24:1	The earth is the LORD’s, and the fullness thereof; the world, and they that dwell therein.
Ezekiel 21:30	Shall I cause it to return into his sheath? I will judge you in the place where you were created, in the land of your nativity.
Ezekiel 42:2	Before the length of an hundred cubits was the north door, and the breadth was fifty cubits.
Mark 10:46	And they came to Jericho: and as he went out of Jericho with his disciples and a great number of people, blind Bartimaeus, the son of Timaeus, sat by the highway side begging.
1 Chronicles 27:14	The eleventh captain for the eleventh month was Benaiah the Pirathonite, of the children of Ephraim: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
Hosea 2:7	And she shall follow after her lovers, but she shall not overtake them; and she shall seek them, but shall not find them: then shall she say, I will go and return to my first husband; for then was it better with me than now.
Psalm 108:8	Gilead is mine; Manasseh is mine; Ephraim also is the strength of my head; Judah is my lawgiver;
Proverbs 4:2	For I give you good doctrine, forsake you not my law.
2 Kings 15:27	In the two and fiftieth year of Azariah king of Judah Pekah the son of Remaliah began to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned twenty years.
2 Samuel 13:8	So Tamar went to her brother Amnon’s house; and he was laid down. And she took flour, and kneaded it, and made cakes in his sight, and did bake the cakes.
Leviticus 9:7	And Moses said to Aaron, Go to the altar, and offer your sin offering, and your burnt offering, and make an atonement for yourself, and for the people: and offer the offering of the people, and make an atonement for them; as the LORD commanded.
Luke 16:29	Abraham said to him, They have Moses and the prophets; let them hear them.
Psalm 137:9	Happy shall he be, that takes and dashes your little ones against the stones.
Jeremiah 44:26	Therefore hear you the word of the LORD, all Judah that dwell in the land of Egypt; Behold, I have sworn by my great name, said the LORD, that my name shall no more be named in the mouth of any man of Judah in all the land of Egypt, saying, The Lord GOD lives.
Exodus 4:21	And the LORD said to Moses, When you go to return into Egypt, see that you do all those wonders before Pharaoh, which I have put in your hand: but I will harden his heart, that he shall not let the people go.
Leviticus 25:48	After that he is sold he may be redeemed again; one of his brothers may redeem him:
Job 11:17	And your age shall be clearer than the noonday: you shall shine forth, you shall be as the morning.
Proverbs 28:16	The prince that wants understanding is also a great oppressor: but he that hates covetousness shall prolong his days.
Acts 5:19	But the angel of the Lord by night opened the prison doors, and brought them forth, and said,
1 Corinthians 3:21	Therefore let no man glory in men. For all things are yours;
Ephesians 3:7	Whereof I was made a minister, according to the gift of the grace of God given to me by the effectual working of his power.
Psalm 119:41	Let your mercies come also to me, O LORD, even your salvation, according to your word.
Mark 16:3	And they said among themselves, Who shall roll us away the stone from the door of the sepulcher?
Ephesians 4:12	For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ:
Deuteronomy 22:3	In like manner shall you do with his ass; and so shall you do with his raiment; and with all lost thing of your brother’s, which he has lost, and you have found, shall you do likewise: you may not hide yourself.
Ezekiel 34:26	And I will make them and the places round about my hill a blessing; and I will cause the shower to come down in his season; there shall be showers of blessing.
Exodus 25:23	You shall also make a table of shittim wood: two cubits shall be the length thereof, and a cubit the breadth thereof, and a cubit and a half the height thereof.
1 Samuel 24:21	Swear now therefore to me by the LORD, that you will not cut off my seed after me, and that you will not destroy my name out of my father’s house.
Numbers 19:18	And a clean person shall take hyssop, and dip it in the water, and sprinkle it on the tent, and on all the vessels, and on the persons that were there, and on him that touched a bone, or one slain, or one dead, or a grave:
Deuteronomy 12:6	And thither you shall bring your burnt offerings, and your sacrifices, and your tithes, and heave offerings of your hand, and your vows, and your freewill offerings, and the firstborn of your herds and of your flocks:
Proverbs 3:11	My son, despise not the chastening of the LORD; neither be weary of his correction:
Isaiah 58:2	Yet they seek me daily, and delight to know my ways, as a nation that did righteousness, and forsook not the ordinance of their God: they ask of me the ordinances of justice; they take delight in approaching to God.
Deuteronomy 15:5	Only if you carefully listen to the voice of the LORD your God, to observe to do all these commandments which I command you this day.
Psalm 86:5	For you, Lord, are good, and ready to forgive; and plenteous in mercy to all them that call on you.
Judges 1:8	Now the children of Judah had fought against Jerusalem, and had taken it, and smitten it with the edge of the sword, and set the city on fire.
Zechariah 3:8	Hear now, O Joshua the high priest, you, and your fellows that sit before you: for they are men wondered at: for, behold, I will bring forth my servant the BRANCH.
Acts 18:23	And after he had spent some time there, he departed, and went over all the country of Galatia and Phrygia in order, strengthening all the disciples.
Ecclesiastes 11:7	Truly the light is sweet, and a pleasant thing it is for the eyes to behold the sun:
Luke 21:10	Then said he to them, Nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom:
Zechariah 9:16	And the LORD their God shall save them in that day as the flock of his people: for they shall be as the stones of a crown, lifted up as an ensign on his land.
Job 12:11	Does not the ear try words? and the mouth taste his meat?
Acts 22:6	And it came to pass, that, as I made my journey, and was come near to Damascus about noon, suddenly there shone from heaven a great light round about me.
Ezekiel 44:7	In that you have brought into my sanctuary strangers, uncircumcised in heart, and uncircumcised in flesh, to be in my sanctuary, to pollute it, even my house, when you offer my bread, the fat and the blood, and they have broken my covenant because of all your abominations.
John 12:24	Truly, truly, I say to you, Except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it stays alone: but if it die, it brings forth much fruit.
Psalm 30:10	Hear, O LORD, and have mercy on me: LORD, be you my helper.
Psalm 105:26	He sent Moses his servant; and Aaron whom he had chosen.
Ezekiel 18:29	Yet said the house of Israel, The way of the LORD is not equal. O house of Israel, are not my ways equal? are not your ways unequal?
Numbers 20:5	And why have you made us to come up out of Egypt, to bring us in to this evil place? it is no place of seed, or of figs, or of vines, or of pomegranates; neither is there any water to drink.
Matthew 17:4	Then answered Peter, and said to Jesus, Lord, it is good for us to be here: if you will, let us make here three tabernacles; one for you, and one for Moses, and one for Elias.
Jonah 1:12	And he said to them, Take me up, and cast me forth into the sea; so shall the sea be calm to you: for I know that for my sake this great tempest is on you.
James 1:14	But every man is tempted, when he is drawn away of his own lust, and enticed.
Numbers 24:18	And Edom shall be a possession, Seir also shall be a possession for his enemies; and Israel shall do valiantly.
John 6:26	Jesus answered them and said, Truly, truly, I say to you, You seek me, not because you saw the miracles, but because you did eat of the loaves, and were filled.
Exodus 27:14	The hangings of one side of the gate shall be fifteen cubits: their pillars three, and their sockets three.
Genesis 20:11	And Abraham said, Because I thought, Surely the fear of God is not in this place; and they will slay me for my wife’s sake.
Ezra 8:21	Then I proclaimed a fast there, at the river of Ahava, that we might afflict ourselves before our God, to seek of him a right way for us, and for our little ones, and for all our substance.
Jeremiah 51:5	For Israel has not been forsaken, nor Judah of his God, of the LORD of hosts; though their land was filled with sin against the Holy One of Israel.
Isaiah 55:5	Behold, you shall call a nation that you know not, and nations that knew not you shall run to you because of the LORD your God, and for the Holy One of Israel; for he has glorified you.
﻿Genesis 1:1	In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.
Nahum 2:13	Behold, I am against you, said the LORD of hosts, and I will burn her chariots in the smoke, and the sword shall devour your young lions: and I will cut off your prey from the earth, and the voice of your messengers shall no more be heard.
Psalm 10:10	He crouches, and humbles himself, that the poor may fall by his strong ones.
2 Kings 8:12	And Hazael said, Why weeps my lord? And he answered, Because I know the evil that you will do to the children of Israel: their strong holds will you set on fire, and their young men will you slay with the sword, and will dash their children, and rip up their women with child.
Genesis 31:35	And she said to her father, Let it not displease my lord that I cannot rise up before you; for the custom of women is on me. And he searched but found not the images.
Ruth 3:18	Then said she, Sit still, my daughter, until you know how the matter will fall: for the man will not be in rest, until he have finished the thing this day.
Isaiah 30:9	That this is a rebellious people, lying children, children that will not hear the law of the LORD:
Proverbs 4:12	When you go, your steps shall not be straitened; and when you run, you shall not stumble.
Exodus 8:11	And the frogs shall depart from you, and from your houses, and from your servants, and from your people; they shall remain in the river only.
2 Corinthians 1:11	You also helping together by prayer for us, that for the gift bestowed on us by the means of many persons thanks may be given by many on our behalf.
2 Timothy 2:3	You therefore endure hardness, as a good soldier of Jesus Christ.
Nehemiah 5:3	Some also there were that said, We have mortgaged our lands, vineyards, and houses, that we might buy corn, because of the dearth.
1 Chronicles 15:26	And it came to pass, when God helped the Levites that bore the ark of the covenant of the LORD, that they offered seven bullocks and seven rams.
Luke 4:27	And many lepers were in Israel in the time of Eliseus the prophet; and none of them was cleansed, saving Naaman the Syrian.
Psalm 105:37	He brought them forth also with silver and gold: and there was not one feeble person among their tribes.
Mark 14:9	Truly I say to you, Wherever this gospel shall be preached throughout the whole world, this also that she has done shall be spoken of for a memorial of her.
Daniel 7:6	After this I beheld, and see another, like a leopard, which had on the back of it four wings of a fowl; the beast had also four heads; and dominion was given to it.
Numbers 32:14	And, behold, you are risen up in your fathers’ stead, an increase of sinful men, to augment yet the fierce anger of the LORD toward Israel.
Hosea 3:2	So I bought her to me for fifteen pieces of silver, and for an homer of barley, and an half homer of barley:
2 Corinthians 10:9	That I may not seem as if I would terrify you by letters.
Ecclesiastes 4:9	Two are better than one; because they have a good reward for their labor.
Job 39:11	Will you trust him, because his strength is great? or will you leave your labor to him?
Ezekiel 23:9	Why I have delivered her into the hand of her lovers, into the hand of the Assyrians, on whom she doted.
Exodus 13:14	And it shall be when your son asks you in time to come, saying, What is this? that you shall say to him, By strength of hand the LORD brought us out from Egypt, from the house of bondage:
Joshua 22:21	Then the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh answered, and said to the heads of the thousands of Israel,
John 10:26	But you believe not, because you are not of my sheep, as I said to you.
Deuteronomy 28:11	And the LORD shall make you plenteous in goods, in the fruit of your body, and in the fruit of your cattle, and in the fruit of your ground, in the land which the LORD swore to your fathers to give you.
1 Kings 8:48	And so return to you with all their heart, and with all their soul, in the land of their enemies, which led them away captive, and pray to you toward their land, which you gave to their fathers, the city which you have chosen, and the house which I have built for your name:
Jeremiah 2:14	Is Israel a servant? is he a home born slave? why is he spoiled?
Mark 6:28	And brought his head in a charger, and gave it to the damsel: and the damsel gave it to her mother.
Isaiah 59:14	And judgment is turned away backward, and justice stands afar off: for truth is fallen in the street, and equity cannot enter.
1 Samuel 14:41	Therefore Saul said to the LORD God of Israel, Give a perfect lot. And Saul and Jonathan were taken: but the people escaped.
2 Chronicles 1:4	But the ark of God had David brought up from Kirjathjearim to the place which David had prepared for it: for he had pitched a tent for it at Jerusalem.
Luke 4:14	And Jesus returned in the power of the Spirit into Galilee: and there went out a fame of him through all the region round about.
Luke 12:16	And he spoke a parable to them, saying, The ground of a certain rich man brought forth plentifully:
Romans 2:9	Tribulation and anguish, on every soul of man that does evil, of the Jew first, and also of the Gentile;
Luke 20:29	There were therefore seven brothers: and the first took a wife, and died without children.
Joel 2:18	Then will the LORD be jealous for his land, and pity his people.
Proverbs 25:1	These are also proverbs of Solomon, which the men of Hezekiah king of Judah copied out.
Exodus 31:10	And the cloths of service, and the holy garments for Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest’s office,
Numbers 33:29	And they went from Mithcah, and pitched in Hashmonah.
Joshua 6:24	And they burnt the city with fire, and all that was therein: only the silver, and the gold, and the vessels of brass and of iron, they put into the treasury of the house of the LORD.
Joshua 19:34	And then the coast turns westward to Aznothtabor, and goes out from there to Hukkok, and reaches to Zebulun on the south side, and reaches to Asher on the west side, and to Judah on Jordan toward the sun rise.
Job 18:8	For he is cast into a net by his own feet, and he walks on a snare.
Mark 3:14	And he ordained twelve, that they should be with him, and that he might send them forth to preach,
John 13:18	I speak not of you all: I know whom I have chosen: but that the scripture may be fulfilled, He that eats bread with me has lifted up his heel against me.
Haggai 2:22	And I will overthrow the throne of kingdoms, and I will destroy the strength of the kingdoms of the heathen; and I will overthrow the chariots, and those that ride in them; and the horses and their riders shall come down, every one by the sword of his brother.
Isaiah 26:12	LORD, you will ordain peace for us: for you also have worked all our works in us.
Ezekiel 40:4	And the man said to me, Son of man, behold with your eyes, and hear with your ears, and set your heart on all that I shall show you; for to the intent that I might show them to you are you brought here: declare all that you see to the house of Israel.
2 Chronicles 20:1	It came to pass after this also, that the children of Moab, and the children of Ammon, and with them other beside the Ammonites, came against Jehoshaphat to battle.
Exodus 7:17	Thus said the LORD, In this you shall know that I am the LORD: behold, I will smite with the rod that is in my hand on the waters which are in the river, and they shall be turned to blood.
Matthew 21:12	And Jesus went into the temple of God, and cast out all them that sold and bought in the temple, and overthrew the tables of the moneychangers, and the seats of them that sold doves,
Luke 1:36	And, behold, your cousin Elisabeth, she has also conceived a son in her old age: and this is the sixth month with her, who was called barren.
Mark 7:13	Making the word of God of none effect through your tradition, which you have delivered: and many such like things do you.
1 Samuel 28:16	Then said Samuel, Why then do you ask of me, seeing the LORD is departed from you, and is become your enemy?
Acts 23:9	And there arose a great cry: and the scribes that were of the Pharisees’ part arose, and strove, saying, We find no evil in this man: but if a spirit or an angel has spoken to him, let us not fight against God.
Proverbs 29:11	A fool utters all his mind: but a wise man keeps it in till afterwards.
Jeremiah 29:29	And Zephaniah the priest read this letter in the ears of Jeremiah the prophet.
Acts 17:29	For as much then as we are the offspring of God, we ought not to think that the Godhead is like to gold, or silver, or stone, graven by art and man’s device.
Deuteronomy 2:36	From Aroer, which is by the brink of the river of Arnon, and from the city that is by the river, even to Gilead, there was not one city too strong for us: the LORD our God delivered all to us:
Jeremiah 1:2	To whom the word of the LORD came in the days of Josiah the son of Amon king of Judah, in the thirteenth year of his reign.
Jeremiah 51:28	Prepare against her the nations with the kings of the Medes, the captains thereof, and all the rulers thereof, and all the land of his dominion.
Isaiah 61:7	For your shame you shall have double; and for confusion they shall rejoice in their portion: therefore in their land they shall possess the double: everlasting joy shall be to them.
Jeremiah 46:18	As I live, said the King, whose name is the LORD of hosts, Surely as Tabor is among the mountains, and as Carmel by the sea, so shall he come.
Exodus 22:11	Then shall an oath of the LORD be between them both, that he has not put his hand to his neighbor’s goods; and the owner of it shall accept thereof, and he shall not make it good.
Zechariah 8:22	Yes, many people and strong nations shall come to seek the LORD of hosts in Jerusalem, and to pray before the LORD.
Psalm 119:87	They had almost consumed me on earth; but I forsook not your precepts.
1 Samuel 3:17	And he said, What is the thing that the LORD has said to you? I pray you hide it not from me: God do so to you, and more also, if you hide any thing from me of all the things that he said to you.
Isaiah 29:19	The meek also shall increase their joy in the LORD, and the poor among men shall rejoice in the Holy One of Israel.
1 Corinthians 4:17	For this cause have I sent to you Timotheus, who is my beloved son, and faithful in the Lord, who shall bring you into remembrance of my ways which be in Christ, as I teach every where in every church.
Hosea 5:10	The princes of Judah were like them that remove the bound: therefore I will pour out my wrath on them like water.
Genesis 8:15	And God spoke to Noah, saying,
Mark 5:30	And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?
Leviticus 20:12	And if a man lie with his daughter in law, both of them shall surely be put to death: they have worked confusion; their blood shall be on them.
Luke 13:1	There were present at that season some that told him of the Galilaeans, whose blood Pilate had mingled with their sacrifices.
Titus 1:8	But a lover of hospitality, a lover of good men, sober, just, holy, temperate;
1 Kings 1:38	So Zadok the priest, and Nathan the prophet, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and the Cherethites, and the Pelethites, went down, and caused Solomon to ride on king David’s mule, and brought him to Gihon.
Micah 5:5	And this man shall be the peace, when the Assyrian shall come into our land: and when he shall tread in our palaces, then shall we raise against him seven shepherds, and eight principal men.
Joshua 7:19	And Joshua said to Achan, My son, give, I pray you, glory to the LORD God of Israel, and make confession to him; and tell me now what you have done; hide it not from me.
2 Chronicles 6:24	And if your people Israel be put to the worse before the enemy, because they have sinned against you; and shall return and confess your name, and pray and make supplication before you in this house;
Leviticus 5:18	And he shall bring a ram without blemish out of the flock, with your estimation, for a trespass offering, to the priest: and the priest shall make an atonement for him concerning his ignorance wherein he erred and knew it not, and it shall be forgiven him.
Psalm 70:3	Let them be turned back for a reward of their shame that say, Aha, aha.
James 5:3	Your gold and silver is corroded; and the rust of them shall be a witness against you, and shall eat your flesh as it were fire. You have heaped treasure together for the last days.
Numbers 20:14	And Moses sent messengers from Kadesh to the king of Edom, Thus said your brother Israel, You know all the travail that has befallen us:
Ecclesiastes 10:2	A wise man’s heart is at his right hand; but a fool’s heart at his left.
Genesis 26:29	That you will do us no hurt, as we have not touched you, and as we have done to you nothing but good, and have sent you away in peace: you are now the blessed of the LORD.
Genesis 31:43	And Laban answered and said to Jacob, These daughters are my daughters, and these children are my children, and these cattle are my cattle, and all that you see is mine: and what can I do this day to these my daughters, or to their children which they have born?
Psalm 92:9	For, see, your enemies, O LORD, for, see, your enemies shall perish; all the workers of iniquity shall be scattered.
Ezekiel 34:1	And the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
2 Samuel 15:34	But if you return to the city, and say to Absalom, I will be your servant, O king; as I have been your father’s servant till now, so will I now also be your servant: then may you for me defeat the counsel of Ahithophel.
Ezra 8:26	I even weighed to their hand six hundred and fifty talents of silver, and silver vessels an hundred talents, and of gold an hundred talents;
Isaiah 6:9	And he said, Go, and tell this people, Hear you indeed, but understand not; and see you indeed, but perceive not.
Psalm 100:4	Enter into his gates with thanksgiving, and into his courts with praise: be thankful to him, and bless his name.
Hebrews 11:5	By faith Enoch was translated that he should not see death; and was not found, because God had translated him: for before his translation he had this testimony, that he pleased God.
Joel 2:12	Therefore also now, said the LORD, turn you even to me with all your heart, and with fasting, and with weeping, and with mourning:
Leviticus 25:42	For they are my servants, which I brought forth out of the land of Egypt: they shall not be sold as slaves.
Genesis 35:9	And God appeared to Jacob again, when he came out of Padanaram, and blessed him.
Acts 19:27	So that not only this our craft is in danger to be set at nothing; but also that the temple of the great goddess Diana should be despised, and her magnificence should be destroyed, whom all Asia and the world worships.
Luke 19:37	And when he was come near, even now at the descent of the mount of Olives, the whole multitude of the disciples began to rejoice and praise God with a loud voice for all the mighty works that they had seen;
Psalm 126:5	They that sow in tears shall reap in joy.
John 2:15	And when he had made a whip of small cords, he drove them all out of the temple, and the sheep, and the oxen; and poured out the changers’ money, and overthrew the tables;
2 Chronicles 13:15	Then the men of Judah gave a shout: and as the men of Judah shouted, it came to pass, that God smote Jeroboam and all Israel before Abijah and Judah.
Job 41:25	When he raises up himself, the mighty are afraid: by reason of breakings they purify themselves.
Numbers 33:48	And they departed from the mountains of Abarim, and pitched in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho.
1 Peter 3:21	The like figure whereunto even baptism does also now save us (not the putting away of the filth of the flesh, but the answer of a good conscience toward God,) by the resurrection of Jesus Christ:
Psalm 89:20	I have found David my servant; with my holy oil have I anointed him:
Psalm 54:5	He shall reward evil to my enemies: cut them off in your truth.
Daniel 4:1	Nebuchadnezzar the king, to all people, nations, and languages, that dwell in all the earth; Peace be multiplied to you.
Proverbs 10:24	The fear of the wicked, it shall come on him: but the desire of the righteous shall be granted.
Jeremiah 10:7	Who would not fear you, O King of nations? for to you does it appertain: for as much as among all the wise men of the nations, and in all their kingdoms, there is none like to you.
2 Kings 4:1	Now there cried a certain woman of the wives of the sons of the prophets to Elisha, saying, Your servant my husband is dead; and you know that your servant did fear the LORD: and the creditor is come to take to him my two sons to be slaves.
1 Chronicles 26:17	Eastward were six Levites, northward four a day, southward four a day, and toward Asuppim two and two.
Joshua 12:11	The king of Jarmuth, one; the king of Lachish, one;
Isaiah 33:10	Now will I rise, said the LORD; now will I be exalted; now will I lift up myself.
Acts 22:25	And as they bound him with thongs, Paul said to the centurion that stood by, Is it lawful for you to whip a man that is a Roman, and uncondemned?
John 20:27	Then said he to Thomas, Reach here your finger, and behold my hands; and reach here your hand, and thrust it into my side: and be not faithless, but believing.
Genesis 47:9	And Jacob said to Pharaoh, The days of the years of my pilgrimage are an hundred and thirty years: few and evil have the days of the years of my life been, and have not attained to the days of the years of the life of my fathers in the days of their pilgrimage.
Judges 18:13	And they passed there to mount Ephraim, and came to the house of Micah.
Acts 27:21	But after long abstinence Paul stood forth in the middle of them, and said, Sirs, you should have listened to me, and not have loosed from Crete, and to have gained this harm and loss.
Genesis 18:8	And he took butter, and milk, and the calf which he had dressed, and set it before them; and he stood by them under the tree, and they did eat.
Psalm 104:30	You send forth your spirit, they are created: and you renew the face of the earth.
Jeremiah 5:27	As a cage is full of birds, so are their houses full of deceit: therefore they are become great, and waxen rich.
Luke 20:40	And after that they dared not ask him any question at all.
Jeremiah 46:15	Why are your valiant men swept away? they stood not, because the LORD did drive them.
Psalm 94:9	He that planted the ear, shall he not hear? he that formed the eye, shall he not see?
Acts 2:31	He seeing this before spoke of the resurrection of Christ, that his soul was not left in hell, neither his flesh did see corruption.
Hebrews 10:17	And their sins and iniquities will I remember no more.
Luke 1:54	He has helped his servant Israel, in remembrance of his mercy;
Leviticus 14:6	As for the living bird, he shall take it, and the cedar wood, and the scarlet, and the hyssop, and shall dip them and the living bird in the blood of the bird that was killed over the running water:
2 Chronicles 6:25	Then hear you from the heavens, and forgive the sin of your people Israel, and bring them again to the land which you gave to them and to their fathers.
Leviticus 2:2	And he shall bring it to Aaron’s sons the priests: and he shall take out of there his handful of the flour thereof, and of the oil thereof, with all the frankincense thereof; and the priest shall burn the memorial of it on the altar, to be an offering made by fire, of a sweet smell to the LORD:
Exodus 39:37	The pure candlestick, with the lamps thereof, even with the lamps to be set in order, and all the vessels thereof, and the oil for light,
1 Samuel 20:40	And Jonathan gave his artillery to his lad, and said to him, Go, carry them to the city.
1 Corinthians 13:1	Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not charity, I am become as sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal.
Genesis 4:19	And Lamech took to him two wives: the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other Zillah.
Revelation 16:18	And there were voices, and thunders, and lightning; and there was a great earthquake, such as was not since men were on the earth, so mighty an earthquake, and so great.
1 Chronicles 26:18	At Parbar westward, four at the causeway, and two at Parbar.
Job 34:31	Surely it is meet to be said to God, I have borne chastisement, I will not offend any more:
Isaiah 18:3	All you inhabitants of the world, and dwellers on the earth, see you, when he lifts up an ensign on the mountains; and when he blows a trumpet, hear you.
Amos 9:9	For, see, I will command, and I will sift the house of Israel among all nations, like as corn is sifted in a sieve, yet shall not the least grain fall on the earth.
Numbers 2:29	Then the tribe of Naphtali: and the captain of the children of Naphtali shall be Ahira the son of Enan.
Ecclesiastes 6:11	Seeing there be many things that increase vanity, what is man the better?
Deuteronomy 5:8	You shall not make you any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the waters beneath the earth:
Numbers 35:8	And the cities which you shall give shall be of the possession of the children of Israel: from them that have many you shall give many; but from them that have few you shall give few: every one shall give of his cities to the Levites according to his inheritance which he inherits.
Psalm 17:11	They have now compassed us in our steps: they have set their eyes bowing down to the earth;
Romans 6:12	Let not sin therefore reign in your mortal body, that you should obey it in the lusts thereof.
Exodus 7:5	And the Egyptians shall know that I am the LORD, when I stretch forth my hand on Egypt, and bring out the children of Israel from among them.
Luke 4:8	And Jesus answered and said to him, Get you behind me, Satan: for it is written, You shall worship the Lord your God, and him only shall you serve.
Ezekiel 24:12	She has wearied herself with lies, and her great scum went not forth out of her: her scum shall be in the fire.
John 13:20	Truly, truly, I say to you, He that receives whomsoever I send receives me; and he that receives me receives him that sent me.
Acts 25:7	And when he was come, the Jews which came down from Jerusalem stood round about, and laid many and grievous complaints against Paul, which they could not prove.
Judges 15:8	And he smote them hip and thigh with a great slaughter: and he went down and dwelled in the top of the rock Etam.
Ezekiel 5:9	And I will do in you that which I have not done, and whereunto I will not do any more the like, because of all your abominations.
2 Kings 15:5	And the LORD smote the king, so that he was a leper to the day of his death, and dwelled in a several house. And Jotham the king’s son was over the house, judging the people of the land.
Psalm 78:13	He divided the sea, and caused them to pass through; and he made the waters to stand as an heap.
Judges 6:6	And Israel was greatly impoverished because of the Midianites; and the children of Israel cried to the LORD.
1 Samuel 25:37	But it came to pass in the morning, when the wine was gone out of Nabal, and his wife had told him these things, that his heart died within him, and he became as a stone.
Ezekiel 9:1	He cried also in my ears with a loud voice, saying, Cause them that have charge over the city to draw near, even every man with his destroying weapon in his hand.
Psalm 96:8	Give to the LORD the glory due to his name: bring an offering, and come into his courts.
Numbers 21:30	We have shot at them; Heshbon is perished even to Dibon, and we have laid them waste even to Nophah, which reaches to Medeba.
Job 21:20	His eyes shall see his destruction, and he shall drink of the wrath of the Almighty.
Judges 9:25	And the men of Shechem set liers in wait for him in the top of the mountains, and they robbed all that came along that way by them: and it was told Abimelech.
Genesis 34:7	And the sons of Jacob came out of the field when they heard it: and the men were grieved, and they were very wroth, because he had worked folly in Israel in lying with Jacob’s daughter: which thing ought not to be done.
1 Chronicles 4:36	And Elioenai, and Jaakobah, and Jeshohaiah, and Asaiah, and Adiel, and Jesimiel, and Benaiah,
2 Kings 12:2	And Jehoash did that which was right in the sight of the LORD all his days wherein Jehoiada the priest instructed him.
Leviticus 26:42	Then will I remember my covenant with Jacob, and also my covenant with Isaac, and also my covenant with Abraham will I remember; and I will remember the land.
1 Kings 19:4	But he himself went a day’s journey into the wilderness, and came and sat down under a juniper tree: and he requested for himself that he might die; and said, It is enough; now, O LORD, take away my life; for I am not better than my fathers.
Isaiah 66:19	And I will set a sign among them, and I will send those that escape of them to the nations, to Tarshish, Pul, and Lud, that draw the bow, to Tubal, and Javan, to the isles afar off, that have not heard my fame, neither have seen my glory; and they shall declare my glory among the Gentiles.
1 Chronicles 8:24	And Hananiah, and Elam, and Antothijah,
Mark 8:6	And he commanded the people to sit down on the ground: and he took the seven loaves, and gave thanks, and broke, and gave to his disciples to set before them; and they did set them before the people.
Acts 10:40	Him God raised up the third day, and showed him openly;
1 Samuel 7:1	And the men of Kirjathjearim came, and fetched up the ark of the LORD, and brought it into the house of Abinadab in the hill, and sanctified Eleazar his son to keep the ark of the LORD.
Numbers 33:43	And they departed from Punon, and pitched in Oboth.
Deuteronomy 12:16	Only you shall not eat the blood; you shall pour it on the earth as water.
Psalm 60:3	You have showed your people hard things: you have made us to drink the wine of astonishment.
Revelation 9:12	One woe is past; and, behold, there come two woes more hereafter.
Numbers 26:44	Of the children of Asher after their families: of Jimna, the family of the Jimnites: of Jesui, the family of the Jesuites: of Beriah, the family of the Beriites.
1 Corinthians 14:36	What? came the word of God out from you? or came it to you only?
1 Kings 1:4	And the damsel was very fair, and cherished the king, and ministered to him: but the king knew her not.
Psalm 69:9	For the zeal of your house has eaten me up; and the reproaches of them that reproached you are fallen on me.
Acts 2:4	And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance.
Luke 18:38	And he cried, saying, Jesus, you son of David, have mercy on me.
Psalm 108:4	For your mercy is great above the heavens: and your truth reaches to the clouds.
John 12:9	Much people of the Jews therefore knew that he was there: and they came not for Jesus’ sake only, but that they might see Lazarus also, whom he had raised from the dead.
Ezekiel 17:15	But he rebelled against him in sending his ambassadors into Egypt, that they might give him horses and much people. Shall he prosper? shall he escape that does such things? or shall he break the covenant, and be delivered?
1 Kings 4:21	And Solomon reigned over all kingdoms from the river to the land of the Philistines, and to the border of Egypt: they brought presents, and served Solomon all the days of his life.
Ezekiel 34:11	For thus said the Lord GOD; Behold, I, even I, will both search my sheep, and seek them out.
Luke 7:33	For John the Baptist came neither eating bread nor drinking wine; and you say, He has a devil.
Psalm 135:1	Praise you the LORD. Praise you the name of the LORD; praise him, O you servants of the LORD.
Numbers 1:28	Of the children of Issachar, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
John 18:27	Peter then denied again: and immediately the cock crew.
2 Kings 10:1	And Ahab had seventy sons in Samaria. And Jehu wrote letters, and sent to Samaria, to the rulers of Jezreel, to the elders, and to them that brought up Ahab’s children, saying,
Isaiah 20:6	And the inhabitant of this isle shall say in that day, Behold, such is our expectation, where we flee for help to be delivered from the king of Assyria: and how shall we escape?
1 Chronicles 29:6	Then the chief of the fathers and princes of the tribes of Israel and the captains of thousands and of hundreds, with the rulers of the king’s work, offered willingly,
Leviticus 2:15	And you shall put oil on it, and lay frankincense thereon: it is a meat offering.
1 Corinthians 16:21	The salutation of me Paul with my own hand.
Joshua 18:8	And the men arose, and went away: and Joshua charged them that went to describe the land, saying, Go and walk through the land, and describe it, and come again to me, that I may here cast lots for you before the LORD in Shiloh.
Judges 11:22	And they possessed all the coasts of the Amorites, from Arnon even to Jabbok, and from the wilderness even to Jordan.
Daniel 6:12	Then they came near, and spoke before the king concerning the king’s decree; Have you not signed a decree, that every man that shall ask a petition of any God or man within thirty days, save of you, O king, shall be cast into the den of lions? The king answered and said, The thing is true, according to the law of the Medes and Persians, which alters not.
Numbers 11:17	And I will come down and talk with you there: and I will take of the spirit which is on you, and will put it on them; and they shall bear the burden of the people with you, that you bear it not yourself alone.
1 Kings 13:32	For the saying which he cried by the word of the LORD against the altar in Bethel, and against all the houses of the high places which are in the cities of Samaria, shall surely come to pass.
Amos 8:7	The LORD has sworn by the excellency of Jacob, Surely I will never forget any of their works.
1 Corinthians 15:50	Now this I say, brothers, that flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God; neither does corruption inherit incorruption.
Leviticus 16:24	And he shall wash his flesh with water in the holy place, and put on his garments, and come forth, and offer his burnt offering, and the burnt offering of the people, and make an atonement for himself, and for the people.
Acts 5:7	And it was about the space of three hours after, when his wife, not knowing what was done, came in.
Colossians 1:7	As you also learned of Epaphras our dear fellow servant, who is for you a faithful minister of Christ;
Psalm 39:11	When you with rebukes do correct man for iniquity, you make his beauty to consume away like a moth: surely every man is vanity. Selah.
Amos 2:3	And I will cut off the judge from the middle thereof, and will slay all the princes thereof with him, said the LORD.
Matthew 26:55	In that same hour said Jesus to the multitudes, Are you come out as against a thief with swords and staves for to take me? I sat daily with you teaching in the temple, and you laid no hold on me.
1 Samuel 9:13	As soon as you be come into the city, you shall straightway find him, before he go up to the high place to eat: for the people will not eat until he come, because he does bless the sacrifice; and afterwards they eat that be bidden. Now therefore get you up; for about this time you shall find him.
Isaiah 60:18	Violence shall no more be heard in your land, wasting nor destruction within your borders; but you shall call your walls Salvation, and your gates Praise.
Ecclesiastes 1:17	And I gave my heart to know wisdom, and to know madness and folly: I perceived that this also is vexation of spirit.
Deuteronomy 21:12	Then you shall bring her home to your house, and she shall shave her head, and pare her nails;
Jeremiah 11:1	The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD saying,
Judges 11:15	And said to him, Thus said Jephthah, Israel took not away the land of Moab, nor the land of the children of Ammon:
2 Samuel 12:5	And David’s anger was greatly kindled against the man; and he said to Nathan, As the LORD lives, the man that has done this thing shall surely die:
Luke 9:11	And the people, when they knew it, followed him: and he received them, and spoke to them of the kingdom of God, and healed them that had need of healing.
Acts 11:6	On the which when I had fastened my eyes, I considered, and saw four footed beasts of the earth, and wild beasts, and creeping things, and fowls of the air.
2 Chronicles 20:7	Are not you our God, who did drive out the inhabitants of this land before your people Israel, and gave it to the seed of Abraham your friend for ever?
2 Kings 2:13	He took up also the mantle of Elijah that fell from him, and went back, and stood by the bank of Jordan;
Proverbs 26:20	Where no wood is, there the fire goes out: so where there is no talebearer, the strife ceases.
Psalm 140:5	The proud have hid a snare for me, and cords; they have spread a net by the wayside; they have set gins for me. Selah.
Jeremiah 17:20	And say to them, Hear you the word of the LORD, you kings of Judah, and all Judah, and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem, that enter in by these gates:
Judges 7:3	Now therefore go to, proclaim in the ears of the people, saying, Whoever is fearful and afraid, let him return and depart early from mount Gilead. And there returned of the people twenty and two thousand; and there remained ten thousand.
Deuteronomy 6:22	And the LORD showed signs and wonders, great and sore, on Egypt, on Pharaoh, and on all his household, before our eyes:
Psalm 41:6	And if he come to see me, he speaks vanity: his heart gathers iniquity to itself; when he goes abroad, he tells it.
1 Corinthians 15:22	For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive.
Isaiah 22:25	In that day, said the LORD of hosts, shall the nail that is fastened in the sure place be removed, and be cut down, and fall; and the burden that was on it shall be cut off: for the LORD has spoken it.
Jeremiah 49:15	For, see, I will make you small among the heathen, and despised among men.
1 Samuel 31:13	And they took their bones, and buried them under a tree at Jabesh, and fasted seven days.
2 Corinthians 11:1	Would to God you could bear with me a little in my folly: and indeed bear with me.
Numbers 14:30	Doubtless you shall not come into the land, concerning which I swore to make you dwell therein, save Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun.
Isaiah 44:10	Who has formed a god, or molten a graven image that is profitable for nothing?
Matthew 26:20	Now when the even was come, he sat down with the twelve.
Deuteronomy 32:26	I said, I would scatter them into corners, I would make the remembrance of them to cease from among men:
Acts 25:24	And Festus said, King Agrippa, and all men which are here present with us, you see this man, about whom all the multitude of the Jews have dealt with me, both at Jerusalem, and also here, crying that he ought not to live any longer.
Isaiah 17:13	The nations shall rush like the rushing of many waters: but God shall rebuke them, and they shall flee far off, and shall be chased as the chaff of the mountains before the wind, and like a rolling thing before the whirlwind.
Judges 9:6	And all the men of Shechem gathered together, and all the house of Millo, and went, and made Abimelech king, by the plain of the pillar that was in Shechem.
Psalm 105:13	When they went from one nation to another, from one kingdom to another people;
1 Chronicles 11:5	And the inhabitants of Jebus said to David, You shall not come here. Nevertheless David took the castle of Zion, which is the city of David.
Exodus 9:26	Only in the land of Goshen, where the children of Israel were, was there no hail.
1 Chronicles 6:12	And Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Shallum,
Job 3:17	There the wicked cease from troubling; and there the weary be at rest.
1 Chronicles 4:7	And the sons of Helah were, Zereth, and Jezoar, and Ethnan.
Song of Solomon 5:5	I rose up to open to my beloved; and my hands dropped with myrrh, and my fingers with sweet smelling myrrh, on the handles of the lock.
1 Timothy 3:2	A bishop then must be blameless, the husband of one wife, vigilant, sober, of good behavior, given to hospitality, apt to teach;
1 Kings 5:5	And, behold, I purpose to build an house to the name of the LORD my God, as the LORD spoke to David my father, saying, Your son, whom I will set on your throne in your room, he shall build an house to my name.
Isaiah 61:3	To appoint to them that mourn in Zion, to give to them beauty for ashes, the oil of joy for mourning, the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness; that they might be called trees of righteousness, the planting of the LORD, that he might be glorified.
Psalm 58:11	So that a man shall say, Truly there is a reward for the righteous: truly he is a God that judges in the earth.
Ephesians 5:9	(For the fruit of the Spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and truth;)
John 6:64	But there are some of you that believe not. For Jesus knew from the beginning who they were that believed not, and who should betray him.
Deuteronomy 33:2	And he said, The LORD came from Sinai, and rose up from Seir to them; he shined forth from mount Paran, and he came with ten thousands of saints: from his right hand went a fiery law for them.
Matthew 23:5	But all their works they do for to be seen of men: they make broad their phylacteries, and enlarge the borders of their garments,
Luke 5:2	And saw two ships standing by the lake: but the fishermen were gone out of them, and were washing their nets.
1 Kings 15:7	Now the rest of the acts of Abijam, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah? And there was war between Abijam and Jeroboam.
Genesis 33:18	And Jacob came to Shalem, a city of Shechem, which is in the land of Canaan, when he came from Padanaram; and pitched his tent before the city.
Proverbs 27:12	A prudent man foresees the evil, and hides himself; but the simple pass on, and are punished.
Daniel 8:5	And as I was considering, behold, an he goat came from the west on the face of the whole earth, and touched not the ground: and the goat had a notable horn between his eyes.
Deuteronomy 31:22	Moses therefore wrote this song the same day, and taught it the children of Israel.
Esther 8:8	Write you also for the Jews, as it likes you, in the king’s name, and seal it with the king’s ring: for the writing which is written in the king’s name, and sealed with the king’s ring, may no man reverse.
1 Kings 10:15	Beside that he had of the merchants, and of the traffic of the spice merchants, and of all the kings of Arabia, and of the governors of the country.
Numbers 4:13	And they shall take away the ashes from the altar, and spread a purple cloth thereon:
Jeremiah 11:9	And the LORD said to me, A conspiracy is found among the men of Judah, and among the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
Genesis 19:16	And while he lingered, the men laid hold on his hand, and on the hand of his wife, and on the hand of his two daughters; the LORD being merciful to him: and they brought him forth, and set him without the city.
Ezra 5:17	Now therefore, if it seem good to the king, let there be search made in the king’s treasure house, which is there at Babylon, whether it be so, that a decree was made of Cyrus the king to build this house of God at Jerusalem, and let the king send his pleasure to us concerning this matter.
Psalm 119:77	Let your tender mercies come to me, that I may live: for your law is my delight.
1 Samuel 20:12	And Jonathan said to David, O LORD God of Israel, when I have sounded my father about to morrow any time, or the third day, and, behold, if there be good toward David, and I then send not to you, and show it you;
Romans 5:14	Nevertheless death reigned from Adam to Moses, even over them that had not sinned after the similitude of Adam’s transgression, who is the figure of him that was to come.
2 Thessalonians 1:2	Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Mark 12:15	Shall we give, or shall we not give? But he, knowing their hypocrisy, said to them, Why tempt you me? bring me a penny, that I may see it.
Matthew 23:16	Woe to you, you blind guides, which say, Whoever shall swear by the temple, it is nothing; but whoever shall swear by the gold of the temple, he is a debtor!
John 5:9	And immediately the man was made whole, and took up his bed, and walked: and on the same day was the sabbath.
Numbers 29:25	And one kid of the goats for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, his meat offering, and his drink offering.
2 Kings 3:22	And they rose up early in the morning, and the sun shone on the water, and the Moabites saw the water on the other side as red as blood:
Joshua 15:6	And the border went up to Bethhogla, and passed along by the north of Betharabah; and the border went up to the stone of Bohan the son of Reuben:
Judges 1:24	And the spies saw a man come forth out of the city, and they said to him, Show us, we pray you, the entrance into the city, and we will show you mercy.
2 Timothy 3:16	All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness:
Exodus 17:5	And the LORD said to Moses, Go on before the people, and take with you of the elders of Israel; and your rod, with which you smote the river, take in your hand, and go.
Ezekiel 18:27	Again, when the wicked man turns away from his wickedness that he has committed, and does that which is lawful and right, he shall save his soul alive.
Job 38:1	Then the LORD answered Job out of the whirlwind, and said,
Psalm 125:3	For the rod of the wicked shall not rest on the lot of the righteous; lest the righteous put forth their hands to iniquity.
Matthew 8:11	And I say to you, That many shall come from the east and west, and shall sit down with Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob, in the kingdom of heaven.
1 Corinthians 15:55	O death, where is your sting? O grave, where is your victory?
Genesis 49:19	Gad, a troop shall overcome him: but he shall overcome at the last.
Numbers 18:13	And whatever is first ripe in the land, which they shall bring to the LORD, shall be yours; every one that is clean in your house shall eat of it.
Job 5:7	Yet man is born to trouble, as the sparks fly upward.
Acts 18:19	And he came to Ephesus, and left them there: but he himself entered into the synagogue, and reasoned with the Jews.
Matthew 6:13	And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil: For your is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, for ever. Amen.
Numbers 9:20	And so it was, when the cloud was a few days on the tabernacle; according to the commandment of the LORD they stayed in their tents, and according to the commandment of the LORD they journeyed.
Deuteronomy 14:16	The little owl, and the great owl, and the swan,
Ezekiel 42:19	He turned about to the west side, and measured five hundred reeds with the measuring reed.
Acts 7:14	Then sent Joseph, and called his father Jacob to him, and all his kindred, three score and fifteen souls.
Luke 2:4	And Joseph also went up from Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth, into Judaea, to the city of David, which is called Bethlehem; (because he was of the house and lineage of David:)
2 Kings 15:9	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, as his fathers had done: he departed not from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin.
Isaiah 52:9	Break forth into joy, sing together, you waste places of Jerusalem: for the LORD has comforted his people, he has redeemed Jerusalem.
Genesis 48:3	And Jacob said to Joseph, God Almighty appeared to me at Luz in the land of Canaan, and blessed me,
2 Chronicles 36:5	Jehoiakim was twenty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD his God.
1 Timothy 1:12	And I thank Christ Jesus our Lord, who has enabled me, for that he counted me faithful, putting me into the ministry;
Zechariah 6:4	Then I answered and said to the angel that talked with me, What are these, my lord?
Deuteronomy 4:41	Then Moses severed three cities on this side Jordan toward the sun rise;
Ezra 7:22	To an hundred talents of silver, and to an hundred measures of wheat, and to an hundred baths of wine, and to an hundred baths of oil, and salt without prescribing how much.
Hebrews 12:14	Follow peace with all men, and holiness, without which no man shall see the Lord:
Mark 2:5	When Jesus saw their faith, he said to the sick of the palsy, Son, your sins be forgiven you.
Psalm 148:4	Praise him, you heavens of heavens, and you waters that be above the heavens.
Hebrews 13:14	For here have we no continuing city, but we seek one to come.
Genesis 19:35	And they made their father drink wine that night also: and the younger arose, and lay with him; and he perceived not when she lay down, nor when she arose.
Luke 12:47	And that servant, which knew his lord’s will, and prepared not himself, neither did according to his will, shall be beaten with many stripes.
Deuteronomy 23:16	He shall dwell with you, even among you, in that place which he shall choose in one of your gates, where it likes him best: you shall not oppress him.
Mark 14:12	And the first day of unleavened bread, when they killed the passover, his disciples said to him, Where will you that we go and prepare that you may eat the passover?
Joshua 21:17	And out of the tribe of Benjamin, Gibeon with her suburbs, Geba with her suburbs,
Exodus 20:9	Six days shall you labor, and do all your work:
Jeremiah 38:27	Then came all the princes to Jeremiah, and asked him: and he told them according to all these words that the king had commanded. So they left off speaking with him; for the matter was not perceived.
Jeremiah 30:19	And out of them shall proceed thanksgiving and the voice of them that make merry: and I will multiply them, and they shall not be few; I will also glorify them, and they shall not be small.
Exodus 31:9	And the altar of burnt offering with all his furniture, and the laver and his foot,
Deuteronomy 12:31	You shall not do so to the LORD your God: for every abomination to the LORD, which he hates, have they done to their gods; for even their sons and their daughters they have burnt in the fire to their gods.
Matthew 12:41	The men of Nineveh shall rise in judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: because they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here.
Leviticus 15:31	Thus shall you separate the children of Israel from their uncleanness; that they die not in their uncleanness, when they defile my tabernacle that is among them.
Micah 2:1	Woe to them that devise iniquity, and work evil on their beds! when the morning is light, they practice it, because it is in the power of their hand.
Amos 6:7	Therefore now shall they go captive with the first that go captive, and the banquet of them that stretched themselves shall be removed.
Acts 16:34	And when he had brought them into his house, he set meat before them, and rejoiced, believing in God with all his house.
Lamentations 3:53	They have cut off my life in the dungeon, and cast a stone on me.
Ezra 4:3	But Zerubbabel, and Jeshua, and the rest of the chief of the fathers of Israel, said to them, You have nothing to do with us to build an house to our God; but we ourselves together will build to the LORD God of Israel, as king Cyrus the king of Persia has commanded us.
Mark 15:44	And Pilate marveled if he were already dead: and calling to him the centurion, he asked him whether he had been any while dead.
Psalm 119:131	I opened my mouth, and panted: for I longed for your commandments.
Joshua 4:3	And command you them, saying, Take you hence out of the middle of Jordan, out of the place where the priests’ feet stood firm, twelve stones, and you shall carry them over with you, and leave them in the lodging place, where you shall lodge this night.
1 John 2:1	My little children, these things write I to you, that you sin not. And if any man sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the righteous:
Acts 19:20	So mightily grew the word of God and prevailed.
Zechariah 13:8	And it shall come to pass, that in all the land, said the LORD, two parts therein shall be cut off and die; but the third shall be left therein.
Genesis 44:8	Behold, the money, which we found in our sacks’ mouths, we brought again to you out of the land of Canaan: how then should we steal out of your lord’s house silver or gold?
Psalm 119:68	You are good, and do good; teach me your statutes.
Acts 2:29	Men and brothers, let me freely speak to you of the patriarch David, that he is both dead and buried, and his sepulcher is with us to this day.
Hebrews 1:2	Has in these last days spoken to us by his Son, whom he has appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds;
Ecclesiastes 2:2	I said of laughter, It is mad: and of mirth, What does it?
Genesis 10:16	And the Jebusite, and the Amorite, and the Girgasite,
Matthew 24:18	Neither let him which is in the field return back to take his clothes.
2 Chronicles 6:16	Now therefore, O LORD God of Israel, keep with your servant David my father that which you have promised him, saying, There shall not fail you a man in my sight to sit on the throne of Israel; yet so that your children take heed to their way to walk in my law, as you have walked before me.
Psalm 18:4	The sorrows of death compassed me, and the floods of ungodly men made me afraid.
Exodus 35:30	And Moses said to the children of Israel, See, the LORD has called by name Bezaleel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah;
John 14:18	I will not leave you comfortless: I will come to you.
Judges 11:23	So now the LORD God of Israel has dispossessed the Amorites from before his people Israel, and should you possess it?
Isaiah 56:2	Blessed is the man that does this, and the son of man that lays hold on it; that keeps the sabbath from polluting it, and keeps his hand from doing any evil.
John 5:18	Therefore the Jews sought the more to kill him, because he not only had broken the sabbath, but said also that God was his Father, making himself equal with God.
Luke 17:6	And the Lord said, If you had faith as a grain of mustard seed, you might say to this sycamine tree, Be you plucked up by the root, and be you planted in the sea; and it should obey you.
1 Kings 8:1	Then Solomon assembled the elders of Israel, and all the heads of the tribes, the chief of the fathers of the children of Israel, to king Solomon in Jerusalem, that they might bring up the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of the city of David, which is Zion.
John 6:14	Then those men, when they had seen the miracle that Jesus did, said, This is of a truth that prophet that should come into the world.
Leviticus 14:52	And he shall cleanse the house with the blood of the bird, and with the running water, and with the living bird, and with the cedar wood, and with the hyssop, and with the scarlet:
1 Chronicles 27:19	Of Zebulun, Ishmaiah the son of Obadiah: of Naphtali, Jerimoth the son of Azriel:
1 Chronicles 7:9	And the number of them, after their genealogy by their generations, heads of the house of their fathers, mighty men of valor, was twenty thousand and two hundred.
2 Corinthians 4:1	Therefore seeing we have this ministry, as we have received mercy, we faint not;
2 Thessalonians 3:13	But you, brothers, be not weary in well doing.
Ezekiel 27:22	The merchants of Sheba and Raamah, they were your merchants: they occupied in your fairs with chief of all spices, and with all precious stones, and gold.
Ezra 10:36	Vaniah, Meremoth, Eliashib,
1 Timothy 4:5	For it is sanctified by the word of God and prayer.
Joshua 8:7	Then you shall rise up from the ambush, and seize on the city: for the LORD your God will deliver it into your hand.
Luke 24:4	And it came to pass, as they were much perplexed thereabout, behold, two men stood by them in shining garments:
2 Kings 21:17	Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and all that he did, and his sin that he sinned, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
1 Chronicles 6:30	Shimea his son, Haggiah his son, Asaiah his son.
Judges 8:15	And he came to the men of Succoth, and said, Behold Zebah and Zalmunna, with whom you did upbraid me, saying, Are the hands of Zebah and Zalmunna now in your hand, that we should give bread to your men that are weary?
Isaiah 38:3	And said, Remember now, O LORD, I beseech you, how I have walked before you in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in your sight. And Hezekiah wept sore.
Matthew 5:29	And if your right eye offend you, pluck it out, and cast it from you: for it is profitable for you that one of your members should perish, and not that your whole body should be cast into hell.
Luke 8:24	And they came to him, and awoke him, saying, Master, master, we perish. Then he arose, and rebuked the wind and the raging of the water: and they ceased, and there was a calm.
Numbers 22:21	And Balaam rose up in the morning, and saddled his ass, and went with the princes of Moab.
1 Chronicles 15:8	Of the sons of Elizaphan; Shemaiah the chief, and his brothers two hundred:
Proverbs 30:28	The spider takes hold with her hands, and is in kings’ palaces.
Isaiah 46:3	Listen to me, O house of Jacob, and all the remnant of the house of Israel, which are borne by me from the belly, which are carried from the womb:
Matthew 21:7	And brought the ass, and the colt, and put on them their clothes, and they set him thereon.
2 Chronicles 18:20	Then there came out a spirit, and stood before the LORD, and said, I will entice him. And the LORD said to him, With which?
Ephesians 3:3	How that by revelation he made known to me the mystery; (as I wrote before in few words,
Romans 5:13	(For until the law sin was in the world: but sin is not imputed when there is no law.
Ezekiel 7:20	As for the beauty of his ornament, he set it in majesty: but they made the images of their abominations and of their detestable things therein: therefore have I set it far from them.
2 Chronicles 5:12	Also the Levites which were the singers, all of them of Asaph, of Heman, of Jeduthun, with their sons and their brothers, being arrayed in white linen, having cymbals and psalteries and harps, stood at the east end of the altar, and with them an hundred and twenty priests sounding with trumpets:)
Numbers 31:35	And thirty and two thousand persons in all, of women that had not known man by lying with him.
Psalm 7:7	So shall the congregation of the people compass you about: for their sakes therefore return you on high.
Exodus 16:14	And when the dew that lay was gone up, behold, on the face of the wilderness there lay a small round thing, as small as the hoar frost on the ground.
Song of Solomon 4:10	How fair is your love, my sister, my spouse! how much better is your love than wine! and the smell of your ointments than all spices!
Genesis 7:22	All in whose nostrils was the breath of life, of all that was in the dry land, died.
2 Samuel 22:51	He is the tower of salvation for his king: and shows mercy to his anointed, to David, and to his seed for ever more.
1 Chronicles 29:15	For we are strangers before you, and sojourners, as were all our fathers: our days on the earth are as a shadow, and there is none abiding.
Numbers 31:15	And Moses said to them, Have you saved all the women alive?
1 Samuel 14:32	And the people flew on the spoil, and took sheep, and oxen, and calves, and slew them on the ground: and the people did eat them with the blood.
Luke 11:7	And he from within shall answer and say, Trouble me not: the door is now shut, and my children are with me in bed; I cannot rise and give you.
Judges 12:9	And he had thirty sons, and thirty daughters, whom he sent abroad, and took in thirty daughters from abroad for his sons. And he judged Israel seven years.
2 Chronicles 7:5	And king Solomon offered a sacrifice of twenty and two thousand oxen, and an hundred and twenty thousand sheep: so the king and all the people dedicated the house of God.
Matthew 7:3	And why behold you the mote that is in your brother’s eye, but consider not the beam that is in your own eye?
2 Samuel 14:13	And the woman said, Why then have you thought such a thing against the people of God? for the king does speak this thing as one which is faulty, in that the king does not fetch home again his banished.
Mark 14:23	And he took the cup, and when he had given thanks, he gave it to them: and they all drank of it.
1 Kings 7:50	And the bowls, and the snuffers, and the basins, and the spoons, and the censers of pure gold; and the hinges of gold, both for the doors of the inner house, the most holy place, and for the doors of the house, to wit, of the temple.
Psalm 18:36	You have enlarged my steps under me, that my feet did not slip.
Acts 13:25	And as John fulfilled his course, he said, Whom think you that I am? I am not he. But, behold, there comes one after me, whose shoes of his feet I am not worthy to loose.
Nehemiah 12:24	And the chief of the Levites: Hashabiah, Sherebiah, and Jeshua the son of Kadmiel, with their brothers over against them, to praise and to give thanks, according to the commandment of David the man of God, ward over against ward.
Ezekiel 14:20	Though Noah, Daniel, and Job were in it, as I live, said the Lord GOD, they shall deliver neither son nor daughter; they shall but deliver their own souls by their righteousness.
Jeremiah 50:4	In those days, and in that time, said the LORD, the children of Israel shall come, they and the children of Judah together, going and weeping: they shall go, and seek the LORD their God.
Isaiah 8:18	Behold, I and the children whom the LORD has given me are for signs and for wonders in Israel from the LORD of hosts, which dwells in mount Zion.
Psalm 59:7	Behold, they belch out with their mouth: swords are in their lips: for who, say they, does hear?
Exodus 11:1	And the LORD said to Moses, Yet will I bring one plague more on Pharaoh, and on Egypt; afterwards he will let you go hence: when he shall let you go, he shall surely thrust you out hence altogether.
Exodus 8:13	And the LORD did according to the word of Moses; and the frogs died out of the houses, out of the villages, and out of the fields.
1 Samuel 11:2	And Nahash the Ammonite answered them, On this condition will I make a covenant with you, that I may thrust out all your right eyes, and lay it for a reproach on all Israel.
Deuteronomy 32:20	And he said, I will hide my face from them, I will see what their end shall be: for they are a very fraudulent generation, children in whom is no faith.
Leviticus 16:29	And this shall be a statute for ever to you: that in the seventh month, on the tenth day of the month, you shall afflict your souls, and do no work at all, whether it be one of your own country, or a stranger that sojournes among you:
Psalm 57:8	Awake up, my glory; awake, psaltery and harp: I myself will awake early.
Ezekiel 5:7	Therefore thus said the Lord GOD; Because you multiplied more than the nations that are round about you, and have not walked in my statutes, neither have kept my judgments, neither have done according to the judgments of the nations that are round about you;
1 Chronicles 11:38	Joel the brother of Nathan, Mibhar the son of Haggeri,
Job 8:20	Behold, God will not cast away a perfect man, neither will he help the evil doers:
Matthew 20:18	Behold, we go up to Jerusalem; and the Son of man shall be betrayed to the chief priests and to the scribes, and they shall condemn him to death,
Job 34:5	For Job has said, I am righteous: and God has taken away my judgment.
Ezekiel 1:3	The word of the LORD came expressly to Ezekiel the priest, the son of Buzi, in the land of the Chaldeans by the river Chebar; and the hand of the LORD was there on him.
Deuteronomy 3:16	And to the Reubenites and to the Gadites I gave from Gilead even to the river Arnon half the valley, and the border even to the river Jabbok, which is the border of the children of Ammon;
Luke 21:3	And he said, Of a truth I say to you, that this poor widow has cast in more than they all:
1 Chronicles 11:17	And David longed, and said, Oh that one would give me drink of the water of the well of Bethlehem, that is at the gate!
Judges 1:14	And it came to pass, when she came to him, that she moved him to ask of her father a field: and she lighted from off her ass; and Caleb said to her, What will you?
Ezra 4:10	And the rest of the nations whom the great and noble Asnapper brought over, and set in the cities of Samaria, and the rest that are on this side the river, and at such a time.
Matthew 22:14	For many are called, but few are chosen.
Jeremiah 32:8	So Hanameel my uncle’s son came to me in the court of the prison according to the word of the LORD, and said to me, Buy my field, I pray you, that is in Anathoth, which is in the country of Benjamin: for the right of inheritance is yours, and the redemption is yours; buy it for yourself. Then I knew that this was the word of the LORD.
Psalm 141:9	Keep me from the snares which they have laid for me, and the gins of the workers of iniquity.
Leviticus 11:28	And he that bears the carcass of them shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even: they are unclean to you.
Ephesians 3:12	In whom we have boldness and access with confidence by the faith of him.
Isaiah 9:12	The Syrians before, and the Philistines behind; and they shall devour Israel with open mouth. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still.
Ezekiel 37:10	So I prophesied as he commanded me, and the breath came into them, and they lived, and stood up on their feet, an exceeding great army.
Psalm 118:1	O give thanks to the LORD; for he is good: because his mercy endures for ever.
Colossians 4:5	Walk in wisdom toward them that are without, redeeming the time.
Genesis 41:36	And that food shall be for store to the land against the seven years of famine, which shall be in the land of Egypt; that the land perish not through the famine.
Philemon 1:11	Which in time past was to you unprofitable, but now profitable to you and to me:
Job 42:11	Then came there to him all his brothers, and all his sisters, and all they that had been of his acquaintance before, and did eat bread with him in his house: and they bemoaned him, and comforted him over all the evil that the LORD had brought on him: every man also gave him a piece of money, and every one an earring of gold.
Deuteronomy 26:12	When you have made an end of tithing all the tithes of your increase the third year, which is the year of tithing, and have given it to the Levite, the stranger, the fatherless, and the widow, that they may eat within your gates, and be filled;
Deuteronomy 29:14	Neither with you only do I make this covenant and this oath;
Deuteronomy 30:3	That then the LORD your God will turn your captivity, and have compassion on you, and will return and gather you from all the nations, where the LORD your God has scattered you.
1 Chronicles 24:29	Concerning Kish: the son of Kish was Jerahmeel.
Psalm 19:9	The fear of the LORD is clean, enduring for ever: the judgments of the LORD are true and righteous altogether.
Exodus 37:21	And a bud under two branches of the same, and a bud under two branches of the same, and a bud under two branches of the same, according to the six branches going out of it.
Amos 9:5	And the Lord GOD of hosts is he that touches the land, and it shall melt, and all that dwell therein shall mourn: and it shall rise up wholly like a flood; and shall be drowned, as by the flood of Egypt.
Jeremiah 46:16	He made many to fall, yes, one fell on another: and they said, Arise, and let us go again to our own people, and to the land of our nativity, from the oppressing sword.
Jeremiah 32:3	For Zedekiah king of Judah had shut him up, saying, Why do you prophesy, and say, Thus said the LORD, Behold, I will give this city into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall take it;
Numbers 34:13	And Moses commanded the children of Israel, saying, This is the land which you shall inherit by lot, which the LORD commanded to give to the nine tribes, and to the half tribe:
Exodus 39:42	According to all that the LORD commanded Moses, so the children of Israel made all the work.
Job 39:3	They bow themselves, they bring forth their young ones, they cast out their sorrows.
Nehemiah 9:7	You are the LORD the God, who did choose Abram, and brought him forth out of Ur of the Chaldees, and gave him the name of Abraham;
Ephesians 4:29	Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace to the hearers.
Daniel 4:7	Then came in the magicians, the astrologers, the Chaldeans, and the soothsayers: and I told the dream before them; but they did not make known to me the interpretation thereof.
Leviticus 19:35	You shall do no unrighteousness in judgment, in length, in weight, or in measure.
Acts 25:1	Now when Festus was come into the province, after three days he ascended from Caesarea to Jerusalem.
Joel 3:9	Proclaim you this among the Gentiles; Prepare war, wake up the mighty men, let all the men of war draw near; let them come up:
Job 18:6	The light shall be dark in his tabernacle, and his candle shall be put out with him.
Proverbs 8:16	By me princes rule, and nobles, even all the judges of the earth.
Song of Solomon 4:6	Until the day break, and the shadows flee away, I will get me to the mountain of myrrh, and to the hill of frankincense.
Leviticus 21:14	A widow, or a divorced woman, or profane, or an harlot, these shall he not take: but he shall take a virgin of his own people to wife.
1 Corinthians 10:1	Moreover, brothers, I would not that you should be ignorant, how that all our fathers were under the cloud, and all passed through the sea;
John 11:45	Then many of the Jews which came to Mary, and had seen the things which Jesus did, believed on him.
1 Kings 2:12	Then sat Solomon on the throne of David his father; and his kingdom was established greatly.
Daniel 8:11	Yes, he magnified himself even to the prince of the host, and by him the daily sacrifice was taken away, and the place of the sanctuary was cast down.
2 Samuel 3:19	And Abner also spoke in the ears of Benjamin: and Abner went also to speak in the ears of David in Hebron all that seemed good to Israel, and that seemed good to the whole house of Benjamin.
Job 33:20	So that his life abhors bread, and his soul dainty meat.
Psalm 109:10	Let his children be continually vagabonds, and beg: let them seek their bread also out of their desolate places.
John 16:26	At that day you shall ask in my name: and I say not to you, that I will pray the Father for you:
Numbers 29:22	And one goat for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, and his meat offering, and his drink offering.
Hebrews 9:7	But into the second went the high priest alone once every year, not without blood, which he offered for himself, and for the errors of the people:
Ezekiel 43:25	Seven days shall you prepare every day a goat for a sin offering: they shall also prepare a young bullock, and a ram out of the flock, without blemish.
Jeremiah 5:9	Shall I not visit for these things? said the LORD: and shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as this?
Acts 18:4	And he reasoned in the synagogue every sabbath, and persuaded the Jews and the Greeks.
1 Corinthians 15:13	But if there be no resurrection of the dead, then is Christ not risen:
2 Samuel 22:10	He bowed the heavens also, and came down; and darkness was under his feet.
1 Kings 2:29	And it was told king Solomon that Joab was fled to the tabernacle of the LORD; and, behold, he is by the altar. Then Solomon sent Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, saying, Go, fall on him.
Job 8:10	Shall not they teach you, and tell you, and utter words out of their heart?
Deuteronomy 5:26	For who is there of all flesh, that has heard the voice of the living God speaking out of the middle of the fire, as we have, and lived?
Titus 1:7	For a bishop must be blameless, as the steward of God; not self-willed, not soon angry, not given to wine, no striker, not given to filthy lucre;
Joshua 2:21	And she said, According to your words, so be it. And she sent them away, and they departed: and she bound the scarlet line in the window.
John 12:27	Now is my soul troubled; and what shall I say? Father, save me from this hour: but for this cause came I to this hour.
Leviticus 25:15	According to the number of years after the jubilee you shall buy of your neighbor, and according to the number of years of the fruits he shall sell to you:
1 Kings 4:20	Judah and Israel were many, as the sand which is by the sea in multitude, eating and drinking, and making merry.
Proverbs 4:24	Put away from you a fraudulent mouth, and perverse lips put far from you.
Numbers 2:16	All that were numbered in the camp of Reuben were an hundred thousand and fifty and one thousand and four hundred and fifty, throughout their armies. And they shall set forth in the second rank.
Joshua 22:19	Notwithstanding, if the land of your possession be unclean, then pass you over to the land of the possession of the LORD, wherein the LORD’s tabernacle dwells, and take possession among us: but rebel not against the LORD, nor rebel against us, in building you an altar beside the altar of the LORD our God.
Psalm 101:1	I will sing of mercy and judgment: to you, O LORD, will I sing.
Luke 13:33	Nevertheless I must walk to day, and to morrow, and the day following: for it cannot be that a prophet perish out of Jerusalem.
Psalm 72:19	And blessed be his glorious name for ever: and let the whole earth be filled with his glory; Amen, and Amen.
Daniel 11:40	And at the time of the end shall the king of the south push at him: and the king of the north shall come against him like a whirlwind, with chariots, and with horsemen, and with many ships; and he shall enter into the countries, and shall overflow and pass over.
Isaiah 37:17	Incline your ear, O LORD, and hear; open your eyes, O LORD, and see: and hear all the words of Sennacherib, which has sent to reproach the living God.
Genesis 48:9	And Joseph said to his father, They are my sons, whom God has given me in this place. And he said, Bring them, I pray you, to me, and I will bless them.
Acts 23:2	And the high priest Ananias commanded them that stood by him to smite him on the mouth.
1 Kings 14:31	And Rehoboam slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David. And his mother’s name was Naamah an Ammonitess. And Abijam his son reigned in his stead.
Acts 23:15	Now therefore you with the council signify to the chief captain that he bring him down to you to morrow, as though you would inquire something more perfectly concerning him: and we, or ever he come near, are ready to kill him.
Psalm 69:6	Let not them that wait on you, O Lord GOD of hosts, be ashamed for my sake: let not those that seek you be confounded for my sake, O God of Israel.
1 Corinthians 12:2	You know that you were Gentiles, carried away to these dumb idols, even as you were led.
2 Chronicles 17:5	Therefore the LORD established the kingdom in his hand; and all Judah brought to Jehoshaphat presents; and he had riches and honor in abundance.
Psalm 119:92	Unless your law had been my delights, I should then have perished in my affliction.
Nehemiah 4:5	And cover not their iniquity, and let not their sin be blotted out from before you: for they have provoked you to anger before the builders.
2 Chronicles 11:7	And Bethzur, and Shoco, and Adullam,
Jeremiah 46:13	The word that the LORD spoke to Jeremiah the prophet, how Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon should come and smite the land of Egypt.
2 Chronicles 14:7	Therefore he said to Judah, Let us build these cities, and make about them walls, and towers, gates, and bars, while the land is yet before us; because we have sought the LORD our God, we have sought him, and he has given us rest on every side. So they built and prospered.
Daniel 3:14	Nebuchadnezzar spoke and said to them, Is it true, O Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, do not you serve my gods, nor worship the golden image which I have set up?
Proverbs 15:1	A soft answer turns away wrath: but grievous words stir up anger.
Leviticus 10:5	So they went near, and carried them in their coats out of the camp; as Moses had said.
Luke 1:8	And it came to pass, that while he executed the priest’s office before God in the order of his course,
Psalm 68:4	Sing to God, sing praises to his name: extol him that rides on the heavens by his name JAH, and rejoice before him.
Genesis 6:22	Thus did Noah; according to all that God commanded him, so did he.
Luke 20:16	He shall come and destroy these farmers, and shall give the vineyard to others. And when they heard it, they said, God forbid.
Ezekiel 42:3	Over against the twenty cubits which were for the inner court, and over against the pavement which was for the utter court, was gallery against gallery in three stories.
Luke 8:54	And he put them all out, and took her by the hand, and called, saying, Maid, arise.
Job 42:5	I have heard of you by the hearing of the ear: but now my eye sees you.
Ezekiel 36:29	I will also save you from all your uncleannesses: and I will call for the corn, and will increase it, and lay no famine on you.
Numbers 1:52	And the children of Israel shall pitch their tents, every man by his own camp, and every man by his own standard, throughout their hosts.
Jeremiah 31:18	I have surely heard Ephraim bemoaning himself thus; You have chastised me, and I was chastised, as a bullock unaccustomed to the yoke: turn you me, and I shall be turned; for you are the LORD my God.
1 Samuel 21:7	Now a certain man of the servants of Saul was there that day, detained before the LORD; and his name was Doeg, an Edomite, the most chief of the herdsmen that belonged to Saul.
Numbers 11:9	And when the dew fell on the camp in the night, the manna fell on it.
Romans 7:24	O wretched man that I am! who shall deliver me from the body of this death?
Judges 7:9	And it came to pass the same night, that the LORD said to him, Arise, get you down to the host; for I have delivered it into your hand.
Luke 6:14	Simon, (whom he also named Peter,) and Andrew his brother, James and John, Philip and Bartholomew,
1 Samuel 18:15	Why when Saul saw that he behaved himself very wisely, he was afraid of him.
Jeremiah 30:6	Ask you now, and see whether a man does travail with child? why do I see every man with his hands on his loins, as a woman in travail, and all faces are turned into paleness?
Hosea 8:11	Because Ephraim has made many altars to sin, altars shall be to him to sin.
Psalm 5:2	Listen to the voice of my cry, my King, and my God: for to you will I pray.
Acts 14:11	And when the people saw what Paul had done, they lifted up their voices, saying in the speech of Lycaonia, The gods are come down to us in the likeness of men.
2 Samuel 15:8	For your servant vowed a vow while I stayed at Geshur in Syria, saying, If the LORD shall bring me again indeed to Jerusalem, then I will serve the LORD.
Genesis 23:6	Hear us, my lord: you are a mighty prince among us: in the choice of our sepulchers bury your dead; none of us shall withhold from you his sepulcher, but that you may bury your dead.
Luke 6:12	And it came to pass in those days, that he went out into a mountain to pray, and continued all night in prayer to God.
Isaiah 38:2	Then Hezekiah turned his face toward the wall, and prayed to the LORD,
Isaiah 42:23	Who among you will give ear to this? who will listen and hear for the time to come?
Luke 24:20	And how the chief priests and our rulers delivered him to be condemned to death, and have crucified him.
Mark 9:19	He answers him, and said, O faithless generation, how long shall I be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him to me.
1 Chronicles 8:5	And Gera, and Shephuphan, and Huram.
Hosea 12:8	And Ephraim said, Yet I am become rich, I have found me out substance: in all my labors they shall find none iniquity in me that were sin.
2 Peter 3:3	Knowing this first, that there shall come in the last days scoffers, walking after their own lusts,
2 Samuel 22:38	I have pursued my enemies, and destroyed them; and turned not again until I had consumed them.
Isaiah 19:12	Where are they? where are your wise men? and let them tell you now, and let them know what the LORD of hosts has purposed on Egypt.
Exodus 25:22	And there I will meet with you, and I will commune with you from above the mercy seat, from between the two cherubim which are on the ark of the testimony, of all things which I will give you in commandment to the children of Israel.
Acts 14:20	However,, as the disciples stood round about him, he rose up, and came into the city: and the next day he departed with Barnabas to Derbe.
Numbers 15:14	And if a stranger sojourn with you, or whoever be among you in your generations, and will offer an offering made by fire, of a sweet smell to the LORD; as you do, so he shall do.
Isaiah 13:4	The noise of a multitude in the mountains, like as of a great people; a tumultuous noise of the kingdoms of nations gathered together: the LORD of hosts musters the host of the battle.
Exodus 38:13	And for the east side eastward fifty cubits.
Numbers 9:15	And on the day that the tabernacle was reared up the cloud covered the tabernacle, namely, the tent of the testimony: and at even there was on the tabernacle as it were the appearance of fire, until the morning.
Numbers 2:30	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were fifty and three thousand and four hundred.
Exodus 18:5	And Jethro, Moses’ father in law, came with his sons and his wife to Moses into the wilderness, where he encamped at the mount of God:
Daniel 2:44	And in the days of these kings shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom, which shall never be destroyed: and the kingdom shall not be left to other people, but it shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms, and it shall stand for ever.
John 5:36	But I have greater witness than that of John: for the works which the Father has given me to finish, the same works that I do, bear witness of me, that the Father has sent me.
Mark 3:1	And he entered again into the synagogue; and there was a man there which had a withered hand.
Obadiah 1:16	For as you have drunk on my holy mountain, so shall all the heathen drink continually, yes, they shall drink, and they shall swallow down, and they shall be as though they had not been.
Luke 1:42	And she spoke out with a loud voice, and said, Blessed are you among women, and blessed is the fruit of your womb.
Exodus 3:7	And the LORD said, I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt, and have heard their cry by reason of their taskmasters; for I know their sorrows;
Psalm 107:26	They mount up to the heaven, they go down again to the depths: their soul is melted because of trouble.
Deuteronomy 19:9	If you shall keep all these commandments to do them, which I command you this day, to love the LORD your God, and to walk ever in his ways; then shall you add three cities more for you, beside these three:
Isaiah 38:21	For Isaiah had said, Let them take a lump of figs, and lay it for a plaster on the boil, and he shall recover.
Proverbs 14:17	He that is soon angry deals foolishly: and a man of wicked devices is hated.
Ezekiel 21:28	And you, son of man, prophesy and say, Thus said the Lord GOD concerning the Ammonites, and concerning their reproach; even say you, The sword, the sword is drawn: for the slaughter it is furbished, to consume because of the glittering:
Leviticus 11:36	Nevertheless a fountain or pit, wherein there is plenty of water, shall be clean: but that which touches their carcass shall be unclean.
Hebrews 1:9	You have loved righteousness, and hated iniquity; therefore God, even your God, has anointed you with the oil of gladness above your fellows.
Judges 20:44	And there fell of Benjamin eighteen thousand men; all these were men of valor.
Leviticus 4:29	And he shall lay his hand on the head of the sin offering, and slay the sin offering in the place of the burnt offering.
Exodus 13:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Luke 18:12	I fast twice in the week, I give tithes of all that I possess.
Matthew 22:20	And he said to them, Whose is this image and superscription?
Matthew 8:5	And when Jesus was entered into Capernaum, there came to him a centurion, beseeching him,
Luke 15:31	And he said to him, Son, you are ever with me, and all that I have is yours.
Jeremiah 44:16	As for the word that you have spoken to us in the name of the LORD, we will not listen to you.
Amos 4:6	And I also have given you cleanness of teeth in all your cities, and want of bread in all your places: yet have you not returned to me, said the LORD.
Psalm 34:15	The eyes of the LORD are on the righteous, and his ears are open to their cry.
Deuteronomy 15:16	And it shall be, if he say to you, I will not go away from you; because he loves you and your house, because he is well with you;
Acts 26:20	But showed first to them of Damascus, and at Jerusalem, and throughout all the coasts of Judaea, and then to the Gentiles, that they should repent and turn to God, and do works meet for repentance.
Psalm 64:5	They encourage themselves in an evil matter: they commune of laying snares privately; they say, Who shall see them?
Nehemiah 11:35	Lod, and Ono, the valley of craftsmen.
Exodus 29:18	And you shall burn the whole ram on the altar: it is a burnt offering to the LORD: it is a sweet smell, an offering made by fire to the LORD.
Genesis 7:4	For yet seven days, and I will cause it to rain on the earth forty days and forty nights; and every living substance that I have made will I destroy from off the face of the earth.
Acts 26:6	And now I stand and am judged for the hope of the promise made of God, to our fathers:
2 Kings 21:12	Therefore thus said the LORD God of Israel, Behold, I am bringing such evil on Jerusalem and Judah, that whoever hears of it, both his ears shall tingle.
Jeremiah 50:15	Shout against her round about: she has given her hand: her foundations are fallen, her walls are thrown down: for it is the vengeance of the LORD: take vengeance on her; as she has done, do to her.
2 Chronicles 4:14	He made also bases, and lavers made he on the bases;
1 Corinthians 11:21	For in eating every one takes before other his own supper: and one is hungry, and another is drunken.
Job 33:5	If you can answer me, set your words in order before me, stand up.
Job 5:26	You shall come to your grave in a full age, like as a shock of corn comes in in his season.
Deuteronomy 32:22	For a fire is kindled in my anger, and shall burn to the lowest hell, and shall consume the earth with her increase, and set on fire the foundations of the mountains.
Exodus 29:26	And you shall take the breast of the ram of Aaron’s consecration, and wave it for a wave offering before the LORD: and it shall be your part.
Genesis 50:3	And forty days were fulfilled for him; for so are fulfilled the days of those which are embalmed: and the Egyptians mourned for him three score and ten days.
Romans 12:7	Or ministry, let us wait on our ministering: or he that teaches, on teaching;
Matthew 26:36	Then comes Jesus with them to a place called Gethsemane, and said to the disciples, Sit you here, while I go and pray yonder.
Joshua 24:29	And it came to pass after these things, that Joshua the son of Nun, the servant of the LORD, died, being an hundred and ten years old.
Matthew 4:7	Jesus said to him, It is written again, You shall not tempt the Lord your God.
Isaiah 45:7	I form the light, and create darkness: I make peace, and create evil: I the LORD do all these things.
1 Samuel 17:14	And David was the youngest: and the three oldest followed Saul.
Isaiah 38:1	In those days was Hezekiah sick to death. And Isaiah the prophet the son of Amoz came to him, and said to him, Thus said the LORD, Set your house in order: for you shall die, and not live.
Titus 2:6	Young men likewise exhort to be sober minded.
Isaiah 10:1	Woe to them that decree unrighteous decrees, and that write grievousness which they have prescribed;
1 Chronicles 2:4	And Tamar his daughter in law bore him Pharez and Zerah. All the sons of Judah were five.
Proverbs 26:19	So is the man that deceives his neighbor, and said, Am not I in sport?
Zechariah 7:2	When they had sent to the house of God Sherezer and Regemmelech, and their men, to pray before the LORD,
Luke 23:52	This man went to Pilate, and begged the body of Jesus.
Jeremiah 4:23	I beheld the earth, and, see, it was without form, and void; and the heavens, and they had no light.
1 John 4:18	There is no fear in love; but perfect love casts out fear: because fear has torment. He that fears is not made perfect in love.
Job 17:12	They change the night into day: the light is short because of darkness.
2 Kings 25:29	And changed his prison garments: and he did eat bread continually before him all the days of his life.
Psalm 119:146	I cried to you; save me, and I shall keep your testimonies.
1 Chronicles 6:35	The son of Zuph, the son of Elkanah, the son of Mahath, the son of Amasai,
Deuteronomy 14:11	Of all clean birds you shall eat.
Luke 14:24	For I say to you, That none of those men which were bidden shall taste of my supper.
Jude 1:22	And of some have compassion, making a difference:
Isaiah 45:11	Thus said the LORD, the Holy One of Israel, and his Maker, Ask me of things to come concerning my sons, and concerning the work of my hands command you me.
Zechariah 6:12	And speak to him, saying, Thus speaks the LORD of hosts, saying, Behold the man whose name is The BRANCH; and he shall grow up out of his place, and he shall build the temple of the LORD:
Deuteronomy 26:13	Then you shall say before the LORD your God, I have brought away the hallowed things out of my house, and also have given them to the Levite, and to the stranger, to the fatherless, and to the widow, according to all your commandments which you have commanded me: I have not transgressed your commandments, neither have I forgotten them.
Numbers 23:30	And Balak did as Balaam had said, and offered a bullock and a ram on every altar.
Daniel 9:13	As it is written in the law of Moses, all this evil is come on us: yet made we not our prayer before the LORD our God, that we might turn from our iniquities, and understand your truth.
Leviticus 13:55	And the priest shall look on the plague, after that it is washed: and, behold, if the plague have not changed his color, and the plague be not spread; it is unclean; you shall burn it in the fire; it is fret inward, whether it be bore within or without.
Acts 9:12	And has seen in a vision a man named Ananias coming in, and putting his hand on him, that he might receive his sight.
Isaiah 45:17	But Israel shall be saved in the LORD with an everlasting salvation: you shall not be ashamed nor confounded world without end.
Genesis 48:12	And Joseph brought them out from between his knees, and he bowed himself with his face to the earth.
Joshua 18:5	And they shall divide it into seven parts: Judah shall abide in their coast on the south, and the house of Joseph shall abide in their coasts on the north.
1 Chronicles 17:27	Now therefore let it please you to bless the house of your servant, that it may be before you for ever: for you bless, O LORD, and it shall be blessed for ever.
1 Chronicles 24:10	The seventh to Hakkoz, the eighth to Abijah,
Psalm 26:9	Gather not my soul with sinners, nor my life with bloody men:
Isaiah 41:16	You shall fan them, and the wind shall carry them away, and the whirlwind shall scatter them: and you shall rejoice in the LORD, and shall glory in the Holy One of Israel.
Proverbs 20:23	Divers weights are an abomination to the LORD; and a false balance is not good.
Joshua 19:24	And the fifth lot came out for the tribe of the children of Asher according to their families.
2 Kings 4:36	And he called Gehazi, and said, Call this Shunammite. So he called her. And when she was come in to him, he said, Take up your son.
Genesis 24:35	And the LORD has blessed my master greatly; and he is become great: and he has given him flocks, and herds, and silver, and gold, and menservants, and maidservants, and camels, and asses.
Mark 6:7	And he called to him the twelve, and began to send them forth by two and two; and gave them power over unclean spirits;
Numbers 5:11	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Proverbs 21:31	The horse is prepared against the day of battle: but safety is of the LORD.
1 Kings 8:6	And the priests brought in the ark of the covenant of the LORD to his place, into the oracle of the house, to the most holy place, even under the wings of the cherubim.
Acts 13:17	The God of this people of Israel chose our fathers, and exalted the people when they dwelled as strangers in the land of Egypt, and with an high arm brought he them out of it.
Jeremiah 23:27	Which think to cause my people to forget my name by their dreams which they tell every man to his neighbor, as their fathers have forgotten my name for Baal.
Numbers 26:12	The sons of Simeon after their families: of Nemuel, the family of the Nemuelites: of Jamin, the family of the Jaminites: of Jachin, the family of the Jachinites:
John 3:30	He must increase, but I must decrease.
Numbers 26:53	To these the land shall be divided for an inheritance according to the number of names.
Genesis 3:3	But of the fruit of the tree which is in the middle of the garden, God has said, You shall not eat of it, neither shall you touch it, lest you die.
John 8:17	It is also written in your law, that the testimony of two men is true.
Numbers 22:16	And they came to Balaam, and said to him, Thus said Balak the son of Zippor, Let nothing, I pray you, hinder you from coming to me:
1 Samuel 23:6	And it came to pass, when Abiathar the son of Ahimelech fled to David to Keilah, that he came down with an ephod in his hand.
Leviticus 21:13	And he shall take a wife in her virginity.
1 Chronicles 5:16	And they dwelled in Gilead in Bashan, and in her towns, and in all the suburbs of Sharon, on their borders.
Mark 2:23	And it came to pass, that he went through the corn fields on the sabbath day; and his disciples began, as they went, to pluck the ears of corn.
Joshua 7:1	But the children of Israel committed a trespass in the accursed thing: for Achan, the son of Carmi, the son of Zabdi, the son of Zerah, of the tribe of Judah, took of the accursed thing: and the anger of the LORD was kindled against the children of Israel.
Proverbs 29:21	He that delicately brings up his servant from a child shall have him become his son at the length.
Matthew 10:22	And you shall be hated of all men for my name’s sake: but he that endures to the end shall be saved.
Ezekiel 39:8	Behold, it is come, and it is done, said the Lord GOD; this is the day whereof I have spoken.
2 Kings 4:10	Let us make a little chamber, I pray you, on the wall; and let us set for him there a bed, and a table, and a stool, and a candlestick: and it shall be, when he comes to us, that he shall turn in thither.
Numbers 20:26	And strip Aaron of his garments, and put them on Eleazar his son: and Aaron shall be gathered to his people, and shall die there.
2 Chronicles 33:4	Also he built altars in the house of the LORD, whereof the LORD had said, In Jerusalem shall my name be for ever.
Numbers 7:17	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Nahshon the son of Amminadab.
Psalm 69:7	Because for your sake I have borne reproach; shame has covered my face.
John 20:2	Then she runs, and comes to Simon Peter, and to the other disciple, whom Jesus loved, and said to them, They have taken away the LORD out of the sepulcher, and we know not where they have laid him.
John 4:26	Jesus said to her, I that speak to you am he.
Luke 7:6	Then Jesus went with them. And when he was now not far from the house, the centurion sent friends to him, saying to him, Lord, trouble not yourself: for I am not worthy that you should enter under my roof:
Genesis 15:4	And, behold, the word of the LORD came to him, saying, This shall not be your heir; but he that shall come forth out of your own bowels shall be your heir.
2 Samuel 5:3	So all the elders of Israel came to the king to Hebron; and king David made a league with them in Hebron before the LORD: and they anointed David king over Israel.
Luke 6:11	And they were filled with madness; and communed one with another what they might do to Jesus.
Numbers 15:7	And for a drink offering you shall offer the third part of an hin of wine, for a sweet smell to the LORD.
Proverbs 20:20	Whoever curses his father or his mother, his lamp shall be put out in obscure darkness.
Job 33:2	Behold, now I have opened my mouth, my tongue has spoken in my mouth.
1 Kings 7:49	And the candlesticks of pure gold, five on the right side, and five on the left, before the oracle, with the flowers, and the lamps, and the tongs of gold,
Acts 15:17	That the residue of men might seek after the Lord, and all the Gentiles, on whom my name is called, said the Lord, who does all these things.
Psalm 52:5	God shall likewise destroy you for ever, he shall take you away, and pluck you out of your dwelling place, and root you out of the land of the living. Selah.
Genesis 37:23	And it came to pass, when Joseph was come to his brothers, that they stripped Joseph out of his coat, his coat of many colors that was on him;
Jeremiah 26:21	And when Jehoiakim the king, with all his mighty men, and all the princes, heard his words, the king sought to put him to death: but when Urijah heard it, he was afraid, and fled, and went into Egypt;
John 14:24	He that loves me not keeps not my sayings: and the word which you hear is not mine, but the Father’s which sent me.
Ruth 1:20	And she said to them, Call me not Naomi, call me Mara: for the Almighty has dealt very bitterly with me.
Exodus 23:25	And you shall serve the LORD your God, and he shall bless your bread, and your water; and I will take sickness away from the middle of you.
2 Samuel 12:22	And he said, While the child was yet alive, I fasted and wept: for I said, Who can tell whether GOD will be gracious to me, that the child may live?
Deuteronomy 7:24	And he shall deliver their kings into your hand, and you shall destroy their name from under heaven: there shall no man be able to stand before you, until you have destroyed them.
Psalm 65:3	Iniquities prevail against me: as for our transgressions, you shall purge them away.
Mark 15:3	And the chief priests accused him of many things: but he answered nothing.
Isaiah 34:10	It shall not be quenched night nor day; the smoke thereof shall go up for ever: from generation to generation it shall lie waste; none shall pass through it for ever and ever.
Exodus 9:20	He that feared the word of the LORD among the servants of Pharaoh made his servants and his cattle flee into the houses:
Genesis 50:17	So shall you say to Joseph, Forgive, I pray you now, the trespass of your brothers, and their sin; for they did to you evil: and now, we pray you, forgive the trespass of the servants of the God of your father. And Joseph wept when they spoke to him.
Psalm 96:13	Before the LORD: for he comes, for he comes to judge the earth: he shall judge the world with righteousness, and the people with his truth.
Luke 23:21	But they cried, saying, Crucify him, crucify him.
Revelation 2:18	And to the angel of the church in Thyatira write; These things said the Son of God, who has his eyes like to a flame of fire, and his feet are like fine brass;
Jonah 3:5	So the people of Nineveh believed God, and proclaimed a fast, and put on sackcloth, from the greatest of them even to the least of them.
Job 38:4	Where were you when I laid the foundations of the earth? declare, if you have understanding.
2 Kings 16:11	And Urijah the priest built an altar according to all that king Ahaz had sent from Damascus: so Urijah the priest made it against king Ahaz came from Damascus.
Proverbs 6:1	My son, if you be surety for your friend, if you have stricken your hand with a stranger,
Proverbs 27:17	Iron sharpens iron; so a man sharpens the countenance of his friend.
Deuteronomy 15:23	Only you shall not eat the blood thereof; you shall pour it on the ground as water.
Numbers 35:7	So all the cities which you shall give to the Levites shall be forty and eight cities: them shall you give with their suburbs.
1 Kings 7:31	And the mouth of it within the capital and above was a cubit: but the mouth thereof was round after the work of the base, a cubit and an half: and also on the mouth of it were engravings with their borders, foursquare, not round.
John 8:26	I have many things to say and to judge of you: but he that sent me is true; and I speak to the world those things which I have heard of him.
Joshua 7:23	And they took them out of the middle of the tent, and brought them to Joshua, and to all the children of Israel, and laid them out before the LORD.
Mark 9:14	And when he came to his disciples, he saw a great multitude about them, and the scribes questioning with them.
2 Corinthians 11:3	But I fear, lest by any means, as the serpent beguiled Eve through his subtlety, so your minds should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ.
Psalm 80:8	You have brought a vine out of Egypt: you have cast out the heathen, and planted it.
Genesis 9:17	And God said to Noah, This is the token of the covenant, which I have established between me and all flesh that is on the earth.
Ezekiel 31:14	To the end that none of all the trees by the waters exalt themselves for their height, neither shoot up their top among the thick boughs, neither their trees stand up in their height, all that drink water: for they are all delivered to death, to the nether parts of the earth, in the middle of the children of men, with them that go down to the pit.
Romans 11:21	For if God spared not the natural branches, take heed lest he also spare not you.
Nehemiah 12:16	Of Iddo, Zechariah; of Ginnethon, Meshullam;
Acts 7:9	And the patriarchs, moved with envy, sold Joseph into Egypt: but God was with him,
2 Samuel 24:7	And came to the strong hold of Tyre, and to all the cities of the Hivites, and of the Canaanites: and they went out to the south of Judah, even to Beersheba.
Judges 11:16	But when Israel came up from Egypt, and walked through the wilderness to the Red sea, and came to Kadesh;
Joshua 23:4	Behold, I have divided to you by lot these nations that remain, to be an inheritance for your tribes, from Jordan, with all the nations that I have cut off, even to the great sea westward.
Jeremiah 4:6	Set up the standard toward Zion: retire, stay not: for I will bring evil from the north, and a great destruction.
Hosea 10:5	The inhabitants of Samaria shall fear because of the calves of Bethaven: for the people thereof shall mourn over it, and the priests thereof that rejoiced on it, for the glory thereof, because it is departed from it.
John 15:20	Remember the word that I said to you, The servant is not greater than his lord. If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you; if they have kept my saying, they will keep yours also.
Numbers 32:11	Surely none of the men that came up out of Egypt, from twenty years old and upward, shall see the land which I swore to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob; because they have not wholly followed me:
Psalm 139:10	Even there shall your hand lead me, and your right hand shall hold me.
Genesis 24:65	For she had said to the servant, What man is this that walks in the field to meet us? And the servant had said, It is my master: therefore she took a veil, and covered herself.
Proverbs 15:23	A man has joy by the answer of his mouth: and a word spoken in due season, how good is it!
Esther 4:16	Go, gather together all the Jews that are present in Shushan, and fast you for me, and neither eat nor drink three days, night or day: I also and my maidens will fast likewise; and so will I go in to the king, which is not according to the law: and if I perish, I perish.
Proverbs 8:7	For my mouth shall speak truth; and wickedness is an abomination to my lips.
Judges 2:8	And Joshua the son of Nun, the servant of the LORD, died, being an hundred and ten years old.
Psalm 37:3	Trust in the LORD, and do good; so shall you dwell in the land, and truly you shall be fed.
Zechariah 14:10	All the land shall be turned as a plain from Geba to Rimmon south of Jerusalem: and it shall be lifted up, and inhabited in her place, from Benjamin’s gate to the place of the first gate, to the corner gate, and from the tower of Hananeel to the king’s winepresses.
1 Samuel 15:9	But Saul and the people spared Agag, and the best of the sheep, and of the oxen, and of the fatted calves, and the lambs, and all that was good, and would not utterly destroy them: but every thing that was vile and refuse, that they destroyed utterly.
Jeremiah 36:9	And it came to pass in the fifth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, in the ninth month, that they proclaimed a fast before the LORD to all the people in Jerusalem, and to all the people that came from the cities of Judah to Jerusalem.
Psalm 60:12	Through God we shall do valiantly: for he it is that shall tread down our enemies.
Isaiah 37:23	Whom have you reproached and blasphemed? and against whom have you exalted your voice, and lifted up your eyes on high? even against the Holy One of Israel.
Job 6:7	The things that my soul refused to touch are as my sorrowful meat.
Ezekiel 13:3	Thus said the Lord GOD; Woe to the foolish prophets, that follow their own spirit, and have seen nothing!
Genesis 32:27	And he said to him, What is your name? And he said, Jacob.
Psalm 143:8	Cause me to hear your loving kindness in the morning; for in you do I trust: cause me to know the way wherein I should walk; for I lift up my soul to you.
Leviticus 9:8	Aaron therefore went to the altar, and slew the calf of the sin offering, which was for himself.
Job 20:25	It is drawn, and comes out of the body; yes, the glittering sword comes out of his gall: terrors are on him.
Titus 3:12	When I shall send Artemas to you, or Tychicus, be diligent to come to me to Nicopolis: for I have determined there to winter.
Judges 16:12	Delilah therefore took new ropes, and bound him therewith, and said to him, The Philistines be on you, Samson. And there were liers in wait abiding in the chamber. And he broke them from off his arms like a thread.
Psalm 78:70	He chose David also his servant, and took him from the sheepfolds:
Deuteronomy 11:22	For if you shall diligently keep all these commandments which I command you, to do them, to love the LORD your God, to walk in all his ways, and to join to him;
Isaiah 34:6	The sword of the LORD is filled with blood, it is made fat with fatness, and with the blood of lambs and goats, with the fat of the kidneys of rams: for the LORD has a sacrifice in Bozrah, and a great slaughter in the land of Idumea.
Proverbs 28:1	The wicked flee when no man pursues: but the righteous are bold as a lion.
Job 6:5	Does the wild ass bray when he has grass? or lows the ox over his fodder?
Proverbs 6:10	Yet a little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding of the hands to sleep:
Joshua 9:1	And it came to pass, when all the kings which were on this side Jordan, in the hills, and in the valleys, and in all the coasts of the great sea over against Lebanon, the Hittite, and the Amorite, the Canaanite, the Perizzite, the Hivite, and the Jebusite, heard thereof;
Jeremiah 51:38	They shall roar together like lions: they shall yell as lions’ whelps.
Proverbs 12:1	Whoever loves instruction loves knowledge: but he that hates reproof is brutish.
Acts 22:20	And when the blood of your martyr Stephen was shed, I also was standing by, and consenting to his death, and kept the raiment of them that slew him.
Luke 19:48	And could not find what they might do: for all the people were very attentive to hear him.
Job 41:4	Will he make a covenant with you? will you take him for a servant for ever?
Job 41:17	They are joined one to another, they stick together, that they cannot be sundered.
Isaiah 48:22	There is no peace, said the LORD, to the wicked.
Luke 15:19	And am no more worthy to be called your son: make me as one of your hired servants.
Leviticus 10:6	And Moses said to Aaron, and to Eleazar and to Ithamar, his sons, Uncover not your heads, neither rend your clothes; lest you die, and lest wrath come on all the people: but let your brothers, the whole house of Israel, mourn the burning which the LORD has kindled.
Psalm 119:85	The proud have dig pits for me, which are not after your law.
John 1:24	And they which were sent were of the Pharisees.
Psalm 80:13	The boar out of the wood does waste it, and the wild beast of the field does devour it.
Leviticus 25:17	You shall not therefore oppress one another; but you shall fear your God: for I am the LORD your God.
Isaiah 52:6	Therefore my people shall know my name: therefore they shall know in that day that I am he that does speak: behold, it is I.
John 6:7	Philip answered him, Two hundred pennyworth of bread is not sufficient for them, that every one of them may take a little.
Leviticus 13:18	The flesh also, in which, even in the skin thereof, was a boil, and is healed,
Joshua 4:19	And the people came up out of Jordan on the tenth day of the first month, and encamped in Gilgal, in the east border of Jericho.
2 Samuel 15:20	Whereas you came but yesterday, should I this day make you go up and down with us? seeing I go where I may, return you, and take back your brothers: mercy and truth be with you.
Jeremiah 9:8	Their tongue is as an arrow shot out; it speaks deceit: one speaks peaceably to his neighbor with his mouth, but in heart he lays his wait.
1 Chronicles 8:16	And Michael, and Ispah, and Joha, the sons of Beriah;
Exodus 12:5	Your lamb shall be without blemish, a male of the first year: you shall take it out from the sheep, or from the goats:
Proverbs 11:23	The desire of the righteous is only good: but the expectation of the wicked is wrath.
Psalm 72:1	Give the king your judgments, O God, and your righteousness to the king’s son.
1 Chronicles 6:17	And these be the names of the sons of Gershom; Libni, and Shimei.
Numbers 31:10	And they burnt all their cities wherein they dwelled, and all their goodly castles, with fire.
Genesis 13:13	But the men of Sodom were wicked and sinners before the LORD exceedingly.
Ezekiel 44:6	And you shall say to the rebellious, even to the house of Israel, Thus said the Lord GOD; O you house of Israel, let it suffice you of all your abominations,
Ezekiel 16:49	Behold, this was the iniquity of your sister Sodom, pride, fullness of bread, and abundance of idleness was in her and in her daughters, neither did she strengthen the hand of the poor and needy.
Psalm 51:18	Do good in your good pleasure to Zion: build you the walls of Jerusalem.
Genesis 6:7	And the LORD said, I will destroy man whom I have created from the face of the earth; both man, and beast, and the creeping thing, and the fowls of the air; for it repents me that I have made them.
Habakkuk 3:13	You went forth for the salvation of your people, even for salvation with your anointed; you wounded the head out of the house of the wicked, by discovering the foundation to the neck. Selah.
Genesis 47:11	And Joseph placed his father and his brothers, and gave them a possession in the land of Egypt, in the best of the land, in the land of Rameses, as Pharaoh had commanded.
Romans 2:13	(For not the hearers of the law are just before God, but the doers of the law shall be justified.
2 Kings 24:7	And the king of Egypt came not again any more out of his land: for the king of Babylon had taken from the river of Egypt to the river Euphrates all that pertained to the king of Egypt.
2 Chronicles 3:10	And in the most holy house he made two cherubim of image work, and overlaid them with gold.
2 Kings 11:13	And when Athaliah heard the noise of the guard and of the people, she came to the people into the temple of the LORD.
Romans 14:2	For one believes that he may eat all things: another, who is weak, eats herbs.
1 Kings 10:10	And she gave the king an hundred and twenty talents of gold, and of spices very great store, and precious stones: there came no more such abundance of spices as these which the queen of Sheba gave to king Solomon.
Psalm 119:3	They also do no iniquity: they walk in his ways.
Daniel 11:25	And he shall stir up his power and his courage against the king of the south with a great army; and the king of the south shall be stirred up to battle with a very great and mighty army; but he shall not stand: for they shall forecast devices against him.
1 Samuel 14:5	The forefront of the one was situate northward over against Michmash, and the other southward over against Gibeah.
Genesis 3:1	Now the serpent was more subtle than any beast of the field which the LORD God had made. And he said to the woman, Yes, has God said, You shall not eat of every tree of the garden?
Genesis 40:18	And Joseph answered and said, This is the interpretation thereof: The three baskets are three days:
Psalm 70:5	But I am poor and needy: make haste to me, O God: you are my help and my deliverer; O LORD, make no tarrying.
Genesis 24:26	And the man bowed down his head, and worshipped the LORD.
John 8:29	And he that sent me is with me: the Father has not left me alone; for I do always those things that please him.
Jeremiah 49:37	For I will cause Elam to be dismayed before their enemies, and before them that seek their life: and I will bring evil on them, even my fierce anger, said the LORD; and I will send the sword after them, till I have consumed them:
Job 14:8	Though the root thereof wax old in the earth, and the stock thereof die in the ground;
Genesis 10:11	Out of that land went forth Asshur, and built Nineveh, and the city Rehoboth, and Calah,
Colossians 4:18	The salutation by the hand of me Paul. Remember my bonds. Grace be with you. Amen.
Luke 9:20	He said to them, But whom say you that I am? Peter answering said, The Christ of God.
Mark 14:22	And as they did eat, Jesus took bread, and blessed, and broke it, and gave to them, and said, Take, eat: this is my body.
Ezekiel 41:19	So that the face of a man was toward the palm tree on the one side, and the face of a young lion toward the palm tree on the other side: it was made through all the house round about.
2 Chronicles 1:13	Then Solomon came from his journey to the high place that was at Gibeon to Jerusalem, from before the tabernacle of the congregation, and reigned over Israel.
Hosea 10:13	You have plowed wickedness, you have reaped iniquity; you have eaten the fruit of lies: because you did trust in your way, in the multitude of your mighty men.
Exodus 28:8	And the curious girdle of the ephod, which is on it, shall be of the same, according to the work thereof; even of gold, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.
Numbers 18:20	And the LORD spoke to Aaron, You shall have no inheritance in their land, neither shall you have any part among them: I am your part and your inheritance among the children of Israel.
1 Samuel 6:9	And see, if it goes up by the way of his own coast to Bethshemesh, then he has done us this great evil: but if not, then we shall know that it is not his hand that smote us: it was a chance that happened to us.
1 Kings 19:2	Then Jezebel sent a messenger to Elijah, saying, So let the gods do to me, and more also, if I make not your life as the life of one of them by to morrow about this time.
Psalm 89:19	Then you spoke in vision to your holy one, and said, I have laid help on one that is mighty; I have exalted one chosen out of the people.
Jeremiah 22:5	But if you will not hear these words, I swear by myself, said the LORD, that this house shall become a desolation.
Matthew 4:4	But he answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God.
Joshua 1:6	Be strong and of a good courage: for to this people shall you divide for an inheritance the land, which I swore to their fathers to give them.
Hebrews 4:10	For he that is entered into his rest, he also has ceased from his own works, as God did from his.
1 Corinthians 9:19	For though I be free from all men, yet have I made myself servant to all, that I might gain the more.
Revelation 3:14	And to the angel of the church of the Laodiceans write; These things said the Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God;
1 Thessalonians 3:11	Now God himself and our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ, direct our way to you.
Judges 19:20	And the old man said, Peace be with you; howsoever let all your wants lie on me; only lodge not in the street.
2 Samuel 24:19	And David, according to the saying of Gad, went up as the LORD commanded.
1 Chronicles 9:35	And in Gibeon dwelled the father of Gibeon, Jehiel, whose wife’s name was Maachah:
2 Kings 5:1	Now Naaman, captain of the host of the king of Syria, was a great man with his master, and honorable, because by him the LORD had given deliverance to Syria: he was also a mighty man in valor, but he was a leper.
Genesis 36:28	The children of Dishan are these; Uz, and Aran.
Acts 15:26	Men that have hazarded their lives for the name of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Jeremiah 4:13	Behold, he shall come up as clouds, and his chariots shall be as a whirlwind: his horses are swifter than eagles. Woe to us! for we are spoiled.
Nahum 1:1	The burden of Nineveh. The book of the vision of Nahum the Elkoshite.
Proverbs 17:12	Let a bear robbed of her whelps meet a man, rather than a fool in his folly.
Ezra 2:41	The singers: the children of Asaph, an hundred twenty and eight.
Genesis 18:10	And he said, I will certainly return to you according to the time of life; and, see, Sarah your wife shall have a son. And Sarah heard it in the tent door, which was behind him.
1 Kings 7:8	And his house where he dwelled had another court within the porch, which was of the like work. Solomon made also an house for Pharaoh’s daughter, whom he had taken to wife, like to this porch.
Psalm 136:25	Who gives food to all flesh: for his mercy endures for ever.
Deuteronomy 26:8	And the LORD brought us forth out of Egypt with a mighty hand, and with an outstretched arm, and with great terribleness, and with signs, and with wonders:
Acts 24:17	Now after many years I came to bring alms to my nation, and offerings.
Mark 5:5	And always, night and day, he was in the mountains, and in the tombs, crying, and cutting himself with stones.
Mark 14:48	And Jesus answered and said to them, Are you come out, as against a thief, with swords and with staves to take me?
Ezekiel 36:5	Therefore thus said the Lord GOD; Surely in the fire of my jealousy have I spoken against the residue of the heathen, and against all Idumea, which have appointed my land into their possession with the joy of all their heart, with despiteful minds, to cast it out for a prey.
Isaiah 64:12	Will you refrain yourself for these things, O LORD? will you hold your peace, and afflict us very sore?
1 Kings 1:36	And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada answered the king, and said, Amen: the LORD God of my lord the king say so too.
Isaiah 8:12	Say you not, A confederacy, to all them to whom this people shall say, A confederacy; neither fear you their fear, nor be afraid.
Job 12:2	No doubt but you are the people, and wisdom shall die with you.
Genesis 32:22	And he rose up that night, and took his two wives, and his two womenservants, and his eleven sons, and passed over the ford Jabbok.
1 Corinthians 6:10	Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortionists, shall inherit the kingdom of God.
Job 36:32	With clouds he covers the light; and commands it not to shine by the cloud that comes between.
Proverbs 31:14	She is like the merchants’ ships; she brings her food from afar.
1 Kings 13:5	The altar also was rent, and the ashes poured out from the altar, according to the sign which the man of God had given by the word of the LORD.
Psalm 51:17	The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit: a broken and a contrite heart, O God, you will not despise.
Isaiah 52:8	Your watchmen shall lift up the voice; with the voice together shall they sing: for they shall see eye to eye, when the LORD shall bring again Zion.
Proverbs 30:33	Surely the churning of milk brings forth butter, and the wringing of the nose brings forth blood: so the forcing of wrath brings forth strife.
Job 24:9	They pluck the fatherless from the breast, and take a pledge of the poor.
1 Chronicles 10:3	And the battle went sore against Saul, and the archers hit him, and he was wounded of the archers.
1 Chronicles 21:12	Either three years’ famine; or three months to be destroyed before your foes, while that the sword of your enemies overtakes you; or else three days the sword of the LORD, even the pestilence, in the land, and the angel of the LORD destroying throughout all the coasts of Israel. Now therefore advise yourself what word I shall bring again to him that sent me.
Exodus 12:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses and Aaron in the land of Egypt saying,
2 Chronicles 35:24	His servants therefore took him out of that chariot, and put him in the second chariot that he had; and they brought him to Jerusalem, and he died, and was buried in one of the sepulchers of his fathers. And all Judah and Jerusalem mourned for Josiah.
Job 15:34	For the congregation of hypocrites shall be desolate, and fire shall consume the tabernacles of bribery.
Isaiah 36:10	And am I now come up without the LORD against this land to destroy it? the LORD said to me, Go up against this land, and destroy it.
2 Thessalonians 3:2	And that we may be delivered from unreasonable and wicked men: for all men have not faith.
Mark 9:3	And his raiment became shining, exceeding white as snow; so as no fuller on earth can white them.
Matthew 25:10	And while they went to buy, the bridegroom came; and they that were ready went in with him to the marriage: and the door was shut.
Mark 5:2	And when he was come out of the ship, immediately there met him out of the tombs a man with an unclean spirit,
Genesis 47:12	And Joseph nourished his father, and his brothers, and all his father’s household, with bread, according to their families.
Deuteronomy 9:14	Let me alone, that I may destroy them, and blot out their name from under heaven: and I will make of you a nation mightier and greater than they.
Jeremiah 7:21	Thus said the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Put your burnt offerings to your sacrifices, and eat flesh.
Matthew 27:30	And they spit on him, and took the reed, and smote him on the head.
Isaiah 66:20	And they shall bring all your brothers for an offering to the LORD out of all nations on horses, and in chariots, and in litters, and on mules, and on swift beasts, to my holy mountain Jerusalem, said the LORD, as the children of Israel bring an offering in a clean vessel into the house of the LORD.
Deuteronomy 27:19	Cursed be he that perverts the judgment of the stranger, fatherless, and widow. And all the people shall say, Amen.
Luke 1:6	And they were both righteous before God, walking in all the commandments and ordinances of the Lord blameless.
2 Chronicles 34:6	And so did he in the cities of Manasseh, and Ephraim, and Simeon, even to Naphtali, with their mattocks round about.
Job 5:22	At destruction and famine you shall laugh: neither shall you be afraid of the beasts of the earth.
Psalm 25:21	Let integrity and uprightness preserve me; for I wait on you.
2 Samuel 11:11	And Uriah said to David, The ark, and Israel, and Judah, abide in tents; and my lord Joab, and the servants of my lord, are encamped in the open fields; shall I then go into my house, to eat and to drink, and to lie with my wife? as you live, and as your soul lives, I will not do this thing.
1 Corinthians 6:7	Now therefore there is utterly a fault among you, because you go to law one with another. Why do you not rather take wrong? why do you not rather suffer yourselves to be defrauded?
Numbers 27:3	Our father died in the wilderness, and he was not in the company of them that gathered themselves together against the LORD in the company of Korah; but died in his own sin, and had no sons.
Hebrews 12:12	Why lift up the hands which hang down, and the feeble knees;
Psalm 86:9	All nations whom you have made shall come and worship before you, O Lord; and shall glorify your name.
Mark 1:2	As it is written in the prophets, Behold, I send my messenger before your face, which shall prepare your way before you.
Mark 6:32	And they departed into a desert place by ship privately.
Joshua 17:12	Yet the children of Manasseh could not drive out the inhabitants of those cities; but the Canaanites would dwell in that land.
2 Corinthians 11:11	Why? because I love you not? God knows.
John 17:15	I pray not that you should take them out of the world, but that you should keep them from the evil.
Psalm 106:30	Then stood up Phinehas, and executed judgment: and so the plague was stayed.
Philippians 3:7	But what things were gain to me, those I counted loss for Christ.
Luke 16:21	And desiring to be fed with the crumbs which fell from the rich man’s table: moreover the dogs came and licked his sores.
Daniel 1:4	Children in whom was no blemish, but well favored, and skillful in all wisdom, and cunning in knowledge, and understanding science, and such as had ability in them to stand in the king’s palace, and whom they might teach the learning and the tongue of the Chaldeans.
Ezra 2:36	The priests: the children of Jedaiah, of the house of Jeshua, nine hundred seventy and three.
Job 40:2	Shall he that contends with the Almighty instruct him? he that reproves God, let him answer it.
Luke 12:36	And you yourselves like to men that wait for their lord, when he will return from the wedding; that when he comes and knocks, they may open to him immediately.
Luke 13:25	When once the master of the house is risen up, and has shut to the door, and you begin to stand without, and to knock at the door, saying, Lord, Lord, open to us; and he shall answer and say to you, I know you not from where you are:
2 Timothy 4:2	Preach the word; be instant in season, out of season; reprove, rebuke, exhort with all long-suffering and doctrine.
Ezekiel 39:29	Neither will I hide my face any more from them: for I have poured out my spirit on the house of Israel, said the Lord GOD.
2 Chronicles 21:20	Thirty and two years old was he when he began to reign, and he reigned in Jerusalem eight years, and departed without being desired. However, they buried him in the city of David, but not in the sepulchers of the kings.
Nehemiah 9:1	Now in the twenty and fourth day of this month the children of Israel were assembled with fasting, and with sackcloths, and earth on them.
1 Kings 13:8	And the man of God said to the king, If you will give me half your house, I will not go in with you, neither will I eat bread nor drink water in this place:
Isaiah 28:5	In that day shall the LORD of hosts be for a crown of glory, and for a diadem of beauty, to the residue of his people,
Proverbs 1:27	When your fear comes as desolation, and your destruction comes as a whirlwind; when distress and anguish comes on you.
Jeremiah 5:30	A wonderful and horrible thing is committed in the land;
Hebrews 7:24	But this man, because he continues ever, has an unchangeable priesthood.
2 Kings 18:32	Until I come and take you away to a land like your own land, a land of corn and wine, a land of bread and vineyards, a land of oil olive and of honey, that you may live, and not die: and listen not to Hezekiah, when he persuades you, saying, The LORD will deliver us.
Jeremiah 44:9	Have you forgotten the wickedness of your fathers, and the wickedness of the kings of Judah, and the wickedness of their wives, and your own wickedness, and the wickedness of your wives, which they have committed in the land of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem?
John 1:13	Which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God.
Revelation 13:9	If any man have an ear, let him hear.
Matthew 8:9	For I am a man under authority, having soldiers under me: and I say to this man, Go, and he goes; and to another, Come, and he comes; and to my servant, Do this, and he does it.
Psalm 139:6	Such knowledge is too wonderful for me; it is high, I cannot attain to it.
Psalm 44:2	How you did drive out the heathen with your hand, and planted them; how you did afflict the people, and cast them out.
2 Peter 3:13	Nevertheless we, according to his promise, look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwells righteousness.
1 Samuel 22:2	And every one that was in distress, and every one that was in debt, and every one that was discontented, gathered themselves to him; and he became a captain over them: and there were with him about four hundred men.
Job 14:19	The waters wear the stones: you wash away the things which grow out of the dust of the earth; and you destroy the hope of man.
Haggai 2:21	Speak to Zerubbabel, governor of Judah, saying, I will shake the heavens and the earth;
Matthew 13:31	Another parable put he forth to them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is like to a grain of mustard seed, which a man took, and sowed in his field:
Job 24:18	He is swift as the waters; their portion is cursed in the earth: he beholds not the way of the vineyards.
Isaiah 57:10	You are wearied in the greatness of your way; yet said you not, There is no hope: you have found the life of your hand; therefore you were not grieved.
Nehemiah 4:10	And Judah said, The strength of the bearers of burdens is decayed, and there is much rubbish; so that we are not able to build the wall.
Joshua 5:6	For the children of Israel walked forty years in the wilderness, till all the people that were men of war, which came out of Egypt, were consumed, because they obeyed not the voice of the LORD: to whom the LORD swore that he would not show them the land, which the LORD swore to their fathers that he would give us, a land that flows with milk and honey.
Malachi 2:4	And you shall know that I have sent this commandment to you, that my covenant might be with Levi, said the LORD of hosts.
1 Peter 4:11	If any man speak, let him speak as the oracles of God; if any man minister, let him do it as of the ability which God gives: that God in all things may be glorified through Jesus Christ, to whom be praise and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.
Judges 2:5	And they called the name of that place Bochim: and they sacrificed there to the LORD.
Psalm 105:33	He smote their vines also and their fig trees; and broke the trees of their coasts.
Matthew 10:15	Truly I say to you, It shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom and Gomorrha in the day of judgment, than for that city.
Job 14:16	For now you number my steps: do you not watch over my sin?
1 Chronicles 8:32	And Mikloth begat Shimeah. And these also dwelled with their brothers in Jerusalem, over against them.
Psalm 119:128	Therefore I esteem all your precepts concerning all things to be right; and I hate every false way.
Ezekiel 36:23	And I will sanctify my great name, which was profaned among the heathen, which you have profaned in the middle of them; and the heathen shall know that I am the LORD, said the Lord GOD, when I shall be sanctified in you before their eyes.
Matthew 23:23	Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for you pay tithe of mint and anise and cummin, and have omitted the weightier matters of the law, judgment, mercy, and faith: these ought you to have done, and not to leave the other undone.
Lamentations 2:4	He has bent his bow like an enemy: he stood with his right hand as an adversary, and slew all that were pleasant to the eye in the tabernacle of the daughter of Zion: he poured out his fury like fire.
Deuteronomy 9:8	Also in Horeb you provoked the LORD to wrath, so that the LORD was angry with you to have destroyed you.
1 Kings 14:20	And the days which Jeroboam reigned were two and twenty years: and he slept with his fathers, and Nadab his son reigned in his stead.
Jeremiah 7:12	But go you now to my place which was in Shiloh, where I set my name at the first, and see what I did to it for the wickedness of my people Israel.
Genesis 30:25	And it came to pass, when Rachel had born Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, Send me away, that I may go to my own place, and to my country.
Numbers 1:33	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Ephraim, were forty thousand and five hundred.
Job 33:1	Why, Job, I pray you, hear my speeches, and listen to all my words.
Psalm 105:3	Glory you in his holy name: let the heart of them rejoice that seek the LORD.
Micah 7:1	Woe is me! for I am as when they have gathered the summer fruits, as the grape gleanings of the vintage: there is no cluster to eat: my soul desired the first ripe fruit.
1 John 2:17	And the world passes away, and the lust thereof: but he that does the will of God stays for ever.
Jeremiah 5:18	Nevertheless in those days, said the LORD, I will not make a full end with you.
Psalm 79:7	For they have devoured Jacob, and laid waste his dwelling place.
Ecclesiastes 4:15	I considered all the living which walk under the sun, with the second child that shall stand up in his stead.
Joshua 24:16	And the people answered and said, God forbid that we should forsake the LORD, to serve other gods;
Isaiah 29:1	Woe to Ariel, to Ariel, the city where David dwelled! add you year to year; let them kill sacrifices.
Ezra 9:7	Since the days of our fathers have we been in a great trespass to this day; and for our iniquities have we, our kings, and our priests, been delivered into the hand of the kings of the lands, to the sword, to captivity, and to a spoil, and to confusion of face, as it is this day.
Revelation 10:8	And the voice which I heard from heaven spoke to me again, and said, Go and take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel which stands on the sea and on the earth.
1 Kings 2:7	But show kindness to the sons of Barzillai the Gileadite, and let them be of those that eat at your table: for so they came to me when I fled because of Absalom your brother.
Acts 13:1	Now there were in the church that was at Antioch certain prophets and teachers; as Barnabas, and Simeon that was called Niger, and Lucius of Cyrene, and Manaen, which had been brought up with Herod the tetrarch, and Saul.
2 Corinthians 5:1	For we know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle were dissolved, we have a building of God, an house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens.
2 Chronicles 5:11	And it came to pass, when the priests were come out of the holy place: (for all the priests that were present were sanctified, and did not then wait by course:
Luke 22:69	Hereafter shall the Son of man sit on the right hand of the power of God.
Mark 13:23	But take you heed: behold, I have foretold you all things.
Song of Solomon 7:4	Your neck is as a tower of ivory; your eyes like the fish pools in Heshbon, by the gate of Bathrabbim: your nose is as the tower of Lebanon which looks toward Damascus.
Psalm 86:10	For you are great, and do wondrous things: you are God alone.
1 Corinthians 11:34	And if any man hunger, let him eat at home; that you come not together to condemnation. And the rest will I set in order when I come.
Ezekiel 41:21	The posts of the temple were squared, and the face of the sanctuary; the appearance of the one as the appearance of the other.
Ezra 6:21	And the children of Israel, which were come again out of captivity, and all such as had separated themselves to them from the filthiness of the heathen of the land, to seek the LORD God of Israel, did eat,
Jeremiah 1:15	For, see, I will call all the families of the kingdoms of the north, said the LORD; and they shall come, and they shall set every one his throne at the entering of the gates of Jerusalem, and against all the walls thereof round about, and against all the cities of Judah.
Esther 9:25	But when Esther came before the king, he commanded by letters that his wicked device, which he devised against the Jews, should return on his own head, and that he and his sons should be hanged on the gallows.
Leviticus 27:8	But if he be poorer than your estimation, then he shall present himself before the priest, and the priest shall value him; according to his ability that vowed shall the priest value him.
2 Kings 23:37	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his fathers had done.
2 Chronicles 23:13	And she looked, and, behold, the king stood at his pillar at the entering in, and the princes and the trumpets by the king: and all the people of the land rejoiced, and sounded with trumpets, also the singers with instruments of music, and such as taught to sing praise. Then Athaliah rent her clothes, and said, Treason, Treason.
Exodus 1:13	And the Egyptians made the children of Israel to serve with rigor:
Judges 2:18	And when the LORD raised them up judges, then the LORD was with the judge, and delivered them out of the hand of their enemies all the days of the judge: for it repented the LORD because of their groanings by reason of them that oppressed them and vexed them.
Zechariah 1:11	And they answered the angel of the LORD that stood among the myrtle trees, and said, We have walked to and fro through the earth, and, behold, all the earth sits still, and is at rest.
Matthew 27:22	Pilate said to them, What shall I do then with Jesus which is called Christ? They all say to him, Let him be crucified.
Jeremiah 20:14	Cursed be the day wherein I was born: let not the day wherein my mother bore me be blessed.
Psalm 13:3	Consider and hear me, O LORD my God: lighten my eyes, lest I sleep the sleep of death;
Proverbs 22:25	Lest you learn his ways, and get a snare to your soul.
Job 9:15	Whom, though I were righteous, yet would I not answer, but I would make supplication to my judge.
Numbers 15:40	That you may remember, and do all my commandments, and be holy to your God.
Job 31:31	If the men of my tabernacle said not, Oh that we had of his flesh! we cannot be satisfied.
Numbers 17:9	And Moses brought out all the rods from before the LORD to all the children of Israel: and they looked, and took every man his rod.
Exodus 35:24	Every one that did offer an offering of silver and brass brought the LORD’s offering: and every man, with whom was found shittim wood for any work of the service, brought it.
Genesis 36:13	And these are the sons of Reuel; Nahath, and Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah: these were the sons of Bashemath Esau’s wife.
Joshua 12:4	And the coast of Og king of Bashan, which was of the remnant of the giants, that dwelled at Ashtaroth and at Edrei,
Isaiah 30:30	And the LORD shall cause his glorious voice to be heard, and shall show the lighting down of his arm, with the indignation of his anger, and with the flame of a devouring fire, with scattering, and tempest, and hailstones.
2 Kings 17:13	Yet the LORD testified against Israel, and against Judah, by all the prophets, and by all the seers, saying, Turn you from your evil ways, and keep my commandments and my statutes, according to all the law which I commanded your fathers, and which I sent to you by my servants the prophets.
2 Kings 3:4	And Mesha king of Moab was a sheep master, and rendered to the king of Israel an hundred thousand lambs, and an hundred thousand rams, with the wool.
Matthew 26:19	And the disciples did as Jesus had appointed them; and they made ready the passover.
1 Samuel 24:20	And now, behold, I know well that you shall surely be king, and that the kingdom of Israel shall be established in your hand.
Romans 11:17	And if some of the branches be broken off, and you, being a wild olive tree, were grafted in among them, and with them partake of the root and fatness of the olive tree;
Numbers 7:56	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:
Daniel 3:11	And whoever falls not down and worships, that he should be cast into the middle of a burning fiery furnace.
Mark 5:42	And straightway the damsel arose, and walked; for she was of the age of twelve years. And they were astonished with a great astonishment.
John 19:41	Now in the place where he was crucified there was a garden; and in the garden a new sepulcher, wherein was never man yet laid.
Judges 9:24	That the cruelty done to the three score and ten sons of Jerubbaal might come, and their blood be laid on Abimelech their brother, which slew them; and on the men of Shechem, which aided him in the killing of his brothers.
Isaiah 26:2	Open you the gates, that the righteous nation which keeps the truth may enter in.
Zechariah 2:4	And said to him, Run, speak to this young man, saying, Jerusalem shall be inhabited as towns without walls for the multitude of men and cattle therein:
Psalm 119:156	Great are your tender mercies, O LORD: quicken me according to your judgments.
Zechariah 14:5	And you shall flee to the valley of the mountains; for the valley of the mountains shall reach to Azal: yes, you shall flee, like as you fled from before the earthquake in the days of Uzziah king of Judah: and the LORD my God shall come, and all the saints with you.
Romans 9:2	That I have great heaviness and continual sorrow in my heart.
Luke 6:46	And why call you me, Lord, Lord, and do not the things which I say?
2 Kings 8:1	Then spoke Elisha to the woman, whose son he had restored to life, saying, Arise, and go you and your household, and sojourn wherever you can sojourn: for the LORD has called for a famine; and it shall also come on the land seven years.
Exodus 20:26	Neither shall you go up by steps to my altar, that your nakedness be not discovered thereon.
Matthew 16:24	Then said Jesus to his disciples, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.
Job 37:5	God thunders marvelously with his voice; great things does he, which we cannot comprehend.
Hebrews 10:19	Having therefore, brothers, boldness to enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus,
Colossians 4:6	Let your speech be always with grace, seasoned with salt, that you may know how you ought to answer every man.
Psalm 119:176	I have gone astray like a lost sheep; seek your servant; for I do not forget your commandments.
1 Corinthians 4:8	Now you are full, now you are rich, you have reigned as kings without us: and I would to God you did reign, that we also might reign with you.
Luke 13:16	And ought not this woman, being a daughter of Abraham, whom Satan has bound, see, these eighteen years, be loosed from this bond on the sabbath day?
Ephesians 2:3	Among whom also we all had our conversation in times past in the lusts of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind; and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others.
1 Corinthians 7:1	Now concerning the things whereof you wrote to me: It is good for a man not to touch a woman.
Luke 7:4	And when they came to Jesus, they sought him instantly, saying, That he was worthy for whom he should do this:
Mark 10:10	And in the house his disciples asked him again of the same matter.
1 Chronicles 28:12	And the pattern of all that he had by the spirit, of the courts of the house of the LORD, and of all the chambers round about, of the treasuries of the house of God, and of the treasuries of the dedicated things:
1 Chronicles 11:40	Ira the Ithrite, Gareb the Ithrite,
Psalm 135:20	Bless the LORD, O house of Levi: you that fear the LORD, bless the LORD.
Genesis 40:6	And Joseph came in to them in the morning, and looked on them, and, behold, they were sad.
Genesis 39:10	And it came to pass, as she spoke to Joseph day by day, that he listened not to her, to lie by her, or to be with her.
Job 14:10	But man dies, and wastes away: yes, man gives up the ghost, and where is he?
1 Chronicles 13:4	And all the congregation said that they would do so: for the thing was right in the eyes of all the people.
Revelation 12:17	And the dragon was wroth with the woman, and went to make war with the remnant of her seed, which keep the commandments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus Christ.
Joshua 2:9	And she said to the men, I know that the LORD has given you the land, and that your terror is fallen on us, and that all the inhabitants of the land faint because of you.
Proverbs 25:17	Withdraw your foot from your neighbor’s house; lest he be weary of you, and so hate you.
Numbers 33:12	And they took their journey out of the wilderness of Sin, and encamped in Dophkah.
John 8:12	Then spoke Jesus again to them, saying, I am the light of the world: he that follows me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life.
Genesis 15:17	And it came to pass, that, when the sun went down, and it was dark, behold a smoking furnace, and a burning lamp that passed between those pieces.
Revelation 16:14	For they are the spirits of devils, working miracles, which go forth to the kings of the earth and of the whole world, to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty.
Ezekiel 7:3	Now is the end come on you, and I will send my anger on you, and will judge you according to your ways, and will recompense on you all your abominations.
Isaiah 48:10	Behold, I have refined you, but not with silver; I have chosen you in the furnace of affliction.
Psalm 31:2	Bow down your ear to me; deliver me speedily: be you my strong rock, for an house of defense to save me.
Joshua 22:33	And the thing pleased the children of Israel; and the children of Israel blessed God, and did not intend to go up against them in battle, to destroy the land wherein the children of Reuben and Gad dwelled.
Deuteronomy 5:13	Six days you shall labor, and do all your work:
Deuteronomy 7:9	Know therefore that the LORD your God, he is God, the faithful God, which keeps covenant and mercy with them that love him and keep his commandments to a thousand generations;
1 Kings 11:41	And the rest of the acts of Solomon, and all that he did, and his wisdom, are they not written in the book of the acts of Solomon?
Numbers 23:10	Who can count the dust of Jacob, and the number of the fourth part of Israel? Let me die the death of the righteous, and let my last end be like his!
Leviticus 13:38	If a man also or a woman have in the skin of their flesh bright spots, even white bright spots;
Genesis 31:28	And have not suffered me to kiss my sons and my daughters? you have now done foolishly in so doing.
1 Chronicles 24:20	And the rest of the sons of Levi were these: Of the sons of Amram; Shubael: of the sons of Shubael; Jehdeiah.
2 Kings 12:17	Then Hazael king of Syria went up, and fought against Gath, and took it: and Hazael set his face to go up to Jerusalem.
Mark 10:43	But so shall it not be among you: but whoever will be great among you, shall be your minister:
Zephaniah 3:19	Behold, at that time I will undo all that afflict you: and I will save her that halts, and gather her that was driven out; and I will get them praise and fame in every land where they have been put to shame.
Ezekiel 8:9	And he said to me, Go in, and behold the wicked abominations that they do here.
Revelation 19:16	And he has on his clothing and on his thigh a name written, KING OF KINGS, AND LORD OF LORDS.
2 Corinthians 1:20	For all the promises of God in him are yes, and in him Amen, to the glory of God by us.
Isaiah 64:4	For since the beginning of the world men have not heard, nor perceived by the ear, neither has the eye seen, O God, beside you, what he has prepared for him that waits for him.
Jeremiah 29:13	And you shall seek me, and find me, when you shall search for me with all your heart.
Isaiah 26:13	O LORD our God, other lords beside you have had dominion over us: but by you only will we make mention of your name.
Jeremiah 25:6	And go not after other gods to serve them, and to worship them, and provoke me not to anger with the works of your hands; and I will do you no hurt.
Exodus 21:26	And if a man smite the eye of his servant, or the eye of his maid, that it perish; he shall let him go free for his eye’s sake.
2 Kings 20:10	And Hezekiah answered, It is a light thing for the shadow to go down ten degrees: no, but let the shadow return backward ten degrees.
Micah 6:4	For I brought you up out of the land of Egypt, and redeemed you out of the house of servants; and I sent before you Moses, Aaron, and Miriam.
Proverbs 18:17	He that is first in his own cause seems just; but his neighbor comes and searches him.
Deuteronomy 20:1	When you go out to battle against your enemies, and see horses, and chariots, and a people more than you, be not afraid of them: for the LORD your God is with you, which brought you up out of the land of Egypt.
Jeremiah 15:6	You have forsaken me, said the LORD, you are gone backward: therefore will I stretch out my hand against you, and destroy you; I am weary with repenting.
Numbers 3:16	And Moses numbered them according to the word of the LORD, as he was commanded.
2 Corinthians 9:15	Thanks be to God for his unspeakable gift.
Exodus 18:21	Moreover you shall provide out of all the people able men, such as fear God, men of truth, hating covetousness; and place such over them, to be rulers of thousands, and rulers of hundreds, rulers of fifties, and rulers of tens:
John 13:12	So after he had washed their feet, and had taken his garments, and was set down again, he said to them, Know you what I have done to you?
Judges 17:1	And there was a man of mount Ephraim, whose name was Micah.
Genesis 41:35	And let them gather all the food of those good years that come, and lay up corn under the hand of Pharaoh, and let them keep food in the cities.
1 Samuel 17:33	And Saul said to David, You are not able to go against this Philistine to fight with him: for you are but a youth, and he a man of war from his youth.
Job 41:28	The arrow cannot make him flee: sling stones are turned with him into stubble.
Isaiah 28:13	But the word of the LORD was to them precept on precept, precept on precept; line on line, line on line; here a little, and there a little; that they might go, and fall backward, and be broken, and snared, and taken.
Isaiah 10:2	To turn aside the needy from judgment, and to take away the right from the poor of my people, that widows may be their prey, and that they may rob the fatherless!
Galatians 4:24	Which things are an allegory: for these are the two covenants; the one from the mount Sinai, which engenders to bondage, which is Agar.
2 Samuel 5:15	Ibhar also, and Elishua, and Nepheg, and Japhia,
Isaiah 36:8	Now therefore give pledges, I pray you, to my master the king of Assyria, and I will give you two thousand horses, if you be able on your part to set riders on them.
Isaiah 59:17	For he put on righteousness as a breastplate, and an helmet of salvation on his head; and he put on the garments of vengeance for clothing, and was clad with zeal as a cloak.
Luke 22:34	And he said, I tell you, Peter, the cock shall not crow this day, before that you shall thrice deny that you know me.
Luke 2:20	And the shepherds returned, glorifying and praising God for all the things that they had heard and seen, as it was told to them.
Philippians 2:29	Receive him therefore in the Lord with all gladness; and hold such in reputation:
Deuteronomy 21:21	And all the men of his city shall stone him with stones, that he die: so shall you put evil away from among you; and all Israel shall hear, and fear.
Proverbs 11:26	He that withholds corn, the people shall curse him: but blessing shall be on the head of him that sells it.
Jeremiah 7:24	But they listened not, nor inclined their ear, but walked in the counsels and in the imagination of their evil heart, and went backward, and not forward.
Mark 9:24	And straightway the father of the child cried out, and said with tears, Lord, I believe; help you my unbelief.
Acts 10:26	But Peter took him up, saying, Stand up; I myself also am a man.
Acts 26:29	And Paul said, I would to God, that not only you, but also all that hear me this day, were both almost, and altogether such as I am, except these bonds.
1 Samuel 30:26	And when David came to Ziklag, he sent of the spoil to the elders of Judah, even to his friends, saying, Behold a present for you of the spoil of the enemies of the LORD;
Deuteronomy 28:12	The LORD shall open to you his good treasure, the heaven to give the rain to your land in his season, and to bless all the work of your hand: and you shall lend to many nations, and you shall not borrow.
Exodus 36:21	The length of a board was ten cubits, and the breadth of a board one cubit and a half.
Deuteronomy 8:10	When you have eaten and are full, then you shall bless the LORD your God for the good land which he has given you.
1 Chronicles 2:23	And he took Geshur, and Aram, with the towns of Jair, from them, with Kenath, and the towns thereof, even three score cities. All these belonged to the sons of Machir the father of Gilead.
Jeremiah 30:10	Therefore fear you not, O my servant Jacob, said the LORD; neither be dismayed, O Israel: for, see, I will save you from afar, and your seed from the land of their captivity; and Jacob shall return, and shall be in rest, and be quiet, and none shall make him afraid.
1 Kings 6:2	And the house which king Solomon built for the LORD, the length thereof was three score cubits, and the breadth thereof twenty cubits, and the height thereof thirty cubits.
2 Kings 8:25	In the twelfth year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel did Ahaziah the son of Jehoram king of Judah begin to reign.
2 Chronicles 10:12	So Jeroboam and all the people came to Rehoboam on the third day, as the king bade, saying, Come again to me on the third day.
Job 31:38	If my land cry against me, or that the furrows likewise thereof complain;
Psalm 25:13	His soul shall dwell at ease; and his seed shall inherit the earth.
Isaiah 54:11	O you afflicted, tossed with tempest, and not comforted, behold, I will lay your stones with fair colors, and lay your foundations with sapphires.
Isaiah 49:2	And he has made my mouth like a sharp sword; in the shadow of his hand has he hid me, and made me a polished shaft; in his quiver has he hid me;
Daniel 2:45	For as much as you saw that the stone was cut out of the mountain without hands, and that it broke in pieces the iron, the brass, the clay, the silver, and the gold; the great God has made known to the king what shall come to pass hereafter: and the dream is certain, and the interpretation thereof sure.
Habakkuk 3:6	He stood, and measured the earth: he beheld, and drove asunder the nations; and the everlasting mountains were scattered, the perpetual hills did bow: his ways are everlasting.
Luke 18:1	And he spoke a parable to them to this end, that men ought always to pray, and not to faint;
1 Chronicles 4:14	And Meonothai begat Ophrah: and Seraiah begat Joab, the father of the valley of Charashim; for they were craftsmen.
Jeremiah 36:5	And Jeremiah commanded Baruch, saying, I am shut up; I cannot go into the house of the LORD:
Esther 9:6	And in Shushan the palace the Jews slew and destroyed five hundred men.
Genesis 41:40	You shall be over my house, and according to your word shall all my people be ruled: only in the throne will I be greater than you.
Luke 24:42	And they gave him a piece of a broiled fish, and of an honeycomb.
Matthew 19:24	And again I say to you, It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.
Genesis 17:2	And I will make my covenant between me and you, and will multiply you exceedingly.
Exodus 9:16	And in very deed for this cause have I raised you up, for to show in you my power; and that my name may be declared throughout all the earth.
Matthew 8:27	But the men marveled, saying, What manner of man is this, that even the winds and the sea obey him!
Romans 9:27	Esaias also cries concerning Israel, Though the number of the children of Israel be as the sand of the sea, a remnant shall be saved:
Matthew 27:10	And gave them for the potter’s field, as the Lord appointed me.
Numbers 22:1	And the children of Israel set forward, and pitched in the plains of Moab on this side Jordan by Jericho.
1 Chronicles 25:17	The tenth to Shimei, he, his sons, and his brothers, were twelve:
Galatians 3:2	This only would I learn of you, Received you the Spirit by the works of the law, or by the hearing of faith?
Daniel 8:17	So he came near where I stood: and when he came, I was afraid, and fell on my face: but he said to me, Understand, O son of man: for at the time of the end shall be the vision.
1 Chronicles 27:10	The seventh captain for the seventh month was Helez the Pelonite, of the children of Ephraim: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
Daniel 9:24	Seventy weeks are determined on your people and on your holy city, to finish the transgression, and to make an end of sins, and to make reconciliation for iniquity, and to bring in everlasting righteousness, and to seal up the vision and prophecy, and to anoint the most Holy.
Deuteronomy 17:9	And you shall come to the priests the Levites, and to the judge that shall be in those days, and inquire; and they shall show you the sentence of judgment:
Proverbs 12:8	A man shall be commended according to his wisdom: but he that is of a perverse heart shall be despised.
Luke 20:25	And he said to them, Render therefore to Caesar the things which be Caesar’s, and to God the things which be God’s.
Luke 9:22	Saying, The Son of man must suffer many things, and be rejected of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be slain, and be raised the third day.
Luke 3:24	Which was the son of Matthat, which was the son of Levi, which was the son of Melchi, which was the son of Janna, which was the son of Joseph,
2 Samuel 7:23	And what one nation in the earth is like your people, even like Israel, whom God went to redeem for a people to himself, and to make him a name, and to do for you great things and terrible, for your land, before your people, which you redeemed to you from Egypt, from the nations and their gods?
Mark 12:34	And when Jesus saw that he answered discreetly, he said to him, You are not far from the kingdom of God. And no man after that dared ask him any question.
Psalm 97:4	His lightning enlightened the world: the earth saw, and trembled.
Galatians 5:17	For the flesh lusts against the Spirit, and the Spirit against the flesh: and these are contrary the one to the other: so that you cannot do the things that you would.
Isaiah 59:4	None calls for justice, nor any pleads for truth: they trust in vanity, and speak lies; they conceive mischief, and bring forth iniquity.
Ecclesiastes 3:18	I said in my heart concerning the estate of the sons of men, that God might manifest them, and that they might see that they themselves are beasts.
Genesis 46:4	I will go down with you into Egypt; and I will also surely bring you up again: and Joseph shall put his hand on your eyes.
1 Samuel 17:41	And the Philistine came on and drew near to David; and the man that bore the shield went before him.
Acts 24:1	And after five days Ananias the high priest descended with the elders, and with a certain orator named Tertullus, who informed the governor against Paul.
Numbers 28:13	And a several tenth deal of flour mingled with oil for a meat offering to one lamb; for a burnt offering of a sweet smell, a sacrifice made by fire to the LORD.
Luke 1:16	And many of the children of Israel shall he turn to the Lord their God.
Numbers 36:8	And every daughter, that possesses an inheritance in any tribe of the children of Israel, shall be wife to one of the family of the tribe of her father, that the children of Israel may enjoy every man the inheritance of his fathers.
Ezekiel 33:31	And they come to you as the people comes, and they sit before you as my people, and they hear your words, but they will not do them: for with their mouth they show much love, but their heart goes after their covetousness.
Luke 24:9	And returned from the sepulcher, and told all these things to the eleven, and to all the rest.
Psalm 4:7	You have put gladness in my heart, more than in the time that their corn and their wine increased.
Psalm 39:8	Deliver me from all my transgressions: make me not the reproach of the foolish.
1 Samuel 17:50	So David prevailed over the Philistine with a sling and with a stone, and smote the Philistine, and slew him; but there was no sword in the hand of David.
Psalm 104:14	He causes the grass to grow for the cattle, and herb for the service of man: that he may bring forth food out of the earth;
2 Samuel 13:16	And she said to him, There is no cause: this evil in sending me away is greater than the other that you did to me. But he would not listen to her.
Job 28:5	As for the earth, out of it comes bread: and under it is turned up as it were fire.
1 Thessalonians 3:3	That no man should be moved by these afflictions: for yourselves know that we are appointed thereunto.
Leviticus 12:2	Speak to the children of Israel, saying, If a woman have conceived seed, and born a man child: then she shall be unclean seven days; according to the days of the separation for her infirmity shall she be unclean.
1 Samuel 30:20	And David took all the flocks and the herds, which they drove before those other cattle, and said, This is David’s spoil.
Luke 16:31	And he said to him, If they hear not Moses and the prophets, neither will they be persuaded, though one rose from the dead.
Luke 19:40	And he answered and said to them, I tell you that, if these should hold their peace, the stones would immediately cry out.
Hebrews 9:5	And over it the cherubim of glory shadowing the mercy seat; of which we cannot now speak particularly.
Nehemiah 7:58	The children of Jaala, the children of Darkon, the children of Giddel,
Acts 19:32	Some therefore cried one thing, and some another: for the assembly was confused: and the more part knew not why they were come together.
Leviticus 13:20	And if, when the priest sees it, behold, it be in sight lower than the skin, and the hair thereof be turned white; the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is a plague of leprosy broken out of the boil.
2 Kings 9:36	Why they came again, and told him. And he said, This is the word of the LORD, which he spoke by his servant Elijah the Tishbite, saying, In the portion of Jezreel shall dogs eat the flesh of Jezebel:
Jeremiah 50:31	Behold, I am against you, O you most proud, said the Lord GOD of hosts: for your day is come, the time that I will visit you.
Genesis 48:16	The Angel which redeemed me from all evil, bless the lads; and let my name be named on them, and the name of my fathers Abraham and Isaac; and let them grow into a multitude in the middle of the earth.
Exodus 16:9	And Moses spoke to Aaron, Say to all the congregation of the children of Israel, Come near before the LORD: for he has heard your murmurings.
1 Corinthians 3:11	For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ.
Psalm 104:2	Who cover yourself with light as with a garment: who stretch out the heavens like a curtain:
Job 3:19	The small and great are there; and the servant is free from his master.
2 Corinthians 5:5	Now he that has worked us for the selfsame thing is God, who also has given to us the earnest of the Spirit.
Genesis 48:18	And Joseph said to his father, Not so, my father: for this is the firstborn; put your right hand on his head.
Luke 4:21	And he began to say to them, This day is this scripture fulfilled in your ears.
Exodus 12:29	And it came to pass, that at midnight the LORD smote all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, from the firstborn of Pharaoh that sat on his throne to the firstborn of the captive that was in the dungeon; and all the firstborn of cattle.
Numbers 13:26	And they went and came to Moses, and to Aaron, and to all the congregation of the children of Israel, to the wilderness of Paran, to Kadesh; and brought back word to them, and to all the congregation, and showed them the fruit of the land.
Leviticus 5:1	And if a soul sin, and hear the voice of swearing, and is a witness, whether he has seen or known of it; if he do not utter it, then he shall bear his iniquity.
Jeremiah 10:2	Thus said the LORD, Learn not the way of the heathen, and be not dismayed at the signs of heaven; for the heathen are dismayed at them.
Deuteronomy 31:11	When all Israel is come to appear before the LORD your God in the place which he shall choose, you shall read this law before all Israel in their hearing.
Joshua 19:4	And Eltolad, and Bethul, and Hormah,
Hebrews 7:1	For this Melchisedec, king of Salem, priest of the most high God, who met Abraham returning from the slaughter of the kings, and blessed him;
Deuteronomy 1:21	Behold, the LORD your God has set the land before you: go up and possess it, as the LORD God of your fathers has said to you; fear not, neither be discouraged.
Leviticus 7:31	And the priest shall burn the fat on the altar: but the breast shall be Aaron’s and his sons’.
Psalm 65:13	The pastures are clothed with flocks; the valleys also are covered over with corn; they shout for joy, they also sing.
Proverbs 12:25	Heaviness in the heart of man makes it stoop: but a good word makes it glad.
1 Kings 12:27	If this people go up to do sacrifice in the house of the LORD at Jerusalem, then shall the heart of this people turn again to their lord, even to Rehoboam king of Judah, and they shall kill me, and go again to Rehoboam king of Judah.
Psalm 85:9	Surely his salvation is near them that fear him; that glory may dwell in our land.
Numbers 13:7	Of the tribe of Issachar, Igal the son of Joseph.
Acts 4:36	And Joses, who by the apostles was surnamed Barnabas, (which is, being interpreted, The son of consolation,) a Levite, and of the country of Cyprus,
John 12:22	Philip comes and tells Andrew: and again Andrew and Philip tell Jesus.
2 Timothy 1:17	But, when he was in Rome, he sought me out very diligently, and found me.
Genesis 7:6	And Noah was six hundred years old when the flood of waters was on the earth.
Jeremiah 42:22	Now therefore know certainly that you shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence, in the place where you desire to go and to sojourn.
Psalm 138:2	I will worship toward your holy temple, and praise your name for your loving kindness and for your truth: for you have magnified your word above all your name.
Ezra 7:5	The son of Abishua, the son of Phinehas, the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron the chief priest:
Psalm 136:16	To him which led his people through the wilderness: for his mercy endures for ever.
Isaiah 19:21	And the LORD shall be known to Egypt, and the Egyptians shall know the LORD in that day, and shall do sacrifice and oblation; yes, they shall vow a vow to the LORD, and perform it.
Leviticus 14:27	And the priest shall sprinkle with his right finger some of the oil that is in his left hand seven times before the LORD:
Acts 1:16	Men and brothers, this scripture must needs have been fulfilled, which the Holy Ghost by the mouth of David spoke before concerning Judas, which was guide to them that took Jesus.
Ezra 8:29	Watch you, and keep them, until you weigh them before the chief of the priests and the Levites, and chief of the fathers of Israel, at Jerusalem, in the chambers of the house of the LORD.
Deuteronomy 1:11	(The LORD God of your fathers make you a thousand times so many more as you are, and bless you, as he has promised you!)
Daniel 8:22	Now that being broken, whereas four stood up for it, four kingdoms shall stand up out of the nation, but not in his power.
Acts 7:36	He brought them out, after that he had showed wonders and signs in the land of Egypt, and in the Red sea, and in the wilderness forty years.
Leviticus 22:33	That brought you out of the land of Egypt, to be your God: I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 40:21	And the little chambers thereof were three on this side and three on that side; and the posts thereof and the arches thereof were after the measure of the first gate: the length thereof was fifty cubits, and the breadth five and twenty cubits.
Acts 19:12	So that from his body were brought to the sick handkerchiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from them, and the evil spirits went out of them.
2 Chronicles 7:14	If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.
Leviticus 25:27	Then let him count the years of the sale thereof, and restore the remainder to the man to whom he sold it; that he may return to his possession.
Luke 6:2	And certain of the Pharisees said to them, Why do you that which is not lawful to do on the sabbath days?
John 4:42	And said to the woman, Now we believe, not because of your saying: for we have heard him ourselves, and know that this is indeed the Christ, the Savior of the world.
Leviticus 7:36	Which the LORD commanded to be given them of the children of Israel, in the day that he anointed them, by a statute for ever throughout their generations.
Job 13:26	For you write bitter things against me, and make me to possess the iniquities of my youth.
Isaiah 5:28	Whose arrows are sharp, and all their bows bent, their horses’ hoofs shall be counted like flint, and their wheels like a whirlwind:
1 Samuel 19:3	And I will go out and stand beside my father in the field where you are, and I will commune with my father of you; and what I see, that I will tell you.
Genesis 21:2	For Sarah conceived, and bore Abraham a son in his old age, at the set time of which God had spoken to him.
Job 32:2	Then was kindled the wrath of Elihu the son of Barachel the Buzite, of the kindred of Ram: against Job was his wrath kindled, because he justified himself rather than God.
1 Chronicles 1:25	Eber, Peleg, Reu,
Psalm 85:3	You have taken away all your wrath: you have turned yourself from the fierceness of your anger.
Genesis 6:9	These are the generations of Noah: Noah was a just man and perfect in his generations, and Noah walked with God.
1 Corinthians 14:34	Let your women keep silence in the churches: for it is not permitted to them to speak; but they are commanded to be under obedience as also said the law.
Genesis 40:10	And in the vine were three branches: and it was as though it budded, and her blossoms shot forth; and the clusters thereof brought forth ripe grapes:
John 10:17	Therefore does my Father love me, because I lay down my life, that I might take it again.
Luke 2:14	Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men.
Proverbs 16:8	Better is a little with righteousness than great revenues without right.
Haggai 2:9	The glory of this latter house shall be greater than of the former, said the LORD of hosts: and in this place will I give peace, said the LORD of hosts.
2 Chronicles 26:4	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his father Amaziah did.
Proverbs 2:13	Who leave the paths of uprightness, to walk in the ways of darkness;
Acts 22:9	And they that were with me saw indeed the light, and were afraid; but they heard not the voice of him that spoke to me.
Genesis 36:33	And Bela died, and Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his stead.
1 Chronicles 21:20	And Ornan turned back, and saw the angel; and his four sons with him hid themselves. Now Ornan was threshing wheat.
Leviticus 22:7	And when the sun is down, he shall be clean, and shall afterward eat of the holy things; because it is his food.
Acts 16:15	And when she was baptized, and her household, she sought us, saying, If you have judged me to be faithful to the Lord, come into my house, and abide there. And she constrained us.
Jeremiah 48:6	Flee, save your lives, and be like the heath in the wilderness.
Psalm 89:11	The heavens are yours, the earth also is yours: as for the world and the fullness thereof, you have founded them.
1 Corinthians 7:28	But and if you marry, you have not sinned; and if a virgin marry, she has not sinned. Nevertheless such shall have trouble in the flesh: but I spare you.
2 Samuel 3:8	Then was Abner very wroth for the words of Ishbosheth, and said, Am I a dog’s head, which against Judah do show kindness this day to the house of Saul your father, to his brothers, and to his friends, and have not delivered you into the hand of David, that you charge me to day with a fault concerning this woman?
1 Chronicles 4:9	And Jabez was more honorable than his brothers: and his mother called his name Jabez, saying, Because I bore him with sorrow.
Luke 7:10	And they that were sent, returning to the house, found the servant whole that had been sick.
Deuteronomy 1:37	Also the LORD was angry with me for your sakes, saying, You also shall not go in thither.
Esther 6:3	And the king said, What honor and dignity has been done to Mordecai for this? Then said the king’s servants that ministered to him, There is nothing done for him.
Ezra 7:6	This Ezra went up from Babylon; and he was a ready scribe in the law of Moses, which the LORD God of Israel had given: and the king granted him all his request, according to the hand of the LORD his God on him.
Deuteronomy 3:13	And the rest of Gilead, and all Bashan, being the kingdom of Og, gave I to the half tribe of Manasseh; all the region of Argob, with all Bashan, which was called the land of giants.
Ezekiel 38:18	And it shall come to pass at the same time when Gog shall come against the land of Israel, said the Lord GOD, that my fury shall come up in my face.
Isaiah 17:6	Yet gleaning grapes shall be left in it, as the shaking of an olive tree, two or three berries in the top of the uppermost bough, four or five in the outmost fruitful branches thereof, said the LORD God of Israel.
Isaiah 63:9	In all their affliction he was afflicted, and the angel of his presence saved them: in his love and in his pity he redeemed them; and he bore them, and carried them all the days of old.
Exodus 7:21	And the fish that was in the river died; and the river stank, and the Egyptians could not drink of the water of the river; and there was blood throughout all the land of Egypt.
Matthew 5:23	Therefore if you bring your gift to the altar, and there remember that your brother has ought against you;
Jeremiah 39:6	Then the king of Babylon slew the sons of Zedekiah in Riblah before his eyes: also the king of Babylon slew all the nobles of Judah.
Job 21:10	Their bull engenders, and fails not; their cow calves, and casts not her calf.
Luke 2:3	And all went to be taxed, every one into his own city.
Ezekiel 20:17	Nevertheless my eye spared them from destroying them, neither did I make an end of them in the wilderness.
2 Samuel 8:6	Then David put garrisons in Syria of Damascus: and the Syrians became servants to David, and brought gifts. And the LORD preserved David wherever he went.
John 7:53	And every man went to his own house.
2 Chronicles 30:21	And the children of Israel that were present at Jerusalem kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days with great gladness: and the Levites and the priests praised the LORD day by day, singing with loud instruments to the LORD.
Deuteronomy 4:38	To drive out nations from before you greater and mightier than you are, to bring you in, to give you their land for an inheritance, as it is this day.
Isaiah 40:27	Why say you, O Jacob, and speak, O Israel, My way is hid from the LORD, and my judgment is passed over from my God?
Luke 21:28	And when these things begin to come to pass, then look up, and lift up your heads; for your redemption draws near.
Revelation 22:7	Behold, I come quickly: blessed is he that keeps the sayings of the prophecy of this book.
Exodus 28:3	And you shall speak to all that are wise hearted, whom I have filled with the spirit of wisdom, that they may make Aaron’s garments to consecrate him, that he may minister to me in the priest’s office.
Psalm 58:2	Yes, in heart you work wickedness; you weigh the violence of your hands in the earth.
Joshua 21:28	And out of the tribe of Issachar, Kishon with her suburbs, Dabareh with her suburbs,
Ephesians 2:13	But now in Christ Jesus you who sometimes were far off are made near by the blood of Christ.
1 Chronicles 2:9	The sons also of Hezron, that were born to him; Jerahmeel, and Ram, and Chelubai.
Lamentations 1:2	She weeps sore in the night, and her tears are on her cheeks: among all her lovers she has none to comfort her: all her friends have dealt treacherously with her, they are become her enemies.
Matthew 9:33	And when the devil was cast out, the dumb spoke: and the multitudes marveled, saying, It was never so seen in Israel.
1 Samuel 20:38	And Jonathan cried after the lad, Make speed, haste, stay not. And Jonathan’s lad gathered up the arrows, and came to his master.
2 Chronicles 34:28	Behold, I will gather you to your fathers, and you shall be gathered to your grave in peace, neither shall your eyes see all the evil that I will bring on this place, and on the inhabitants of the same. So they brought the king word again.
Exodus 3:11	And Moses said to God, Who am I, that I should go to Pharaoh, and that I should bring forth the children of Israel out of Egypt?
Isaiah 22:11	You made also a ditch between the two walls for the water of the old pool: but you have not looked to the maker thereof, neither had respect to him that fashioned it long ago.
Psalm 135:7	He causes the vapors to ascend from the ends of the earth; he makes lightning for the rain; he brings the wind out of his treasuries.
Ezra 5:12	But after that our fathers had provoked the God of heaven to wrath, he gave them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, the Chaldean, who destroyed this house, and carried the people away into Babylon.
Micah 4:1	But in the last days it shall come to pass, that the mountain of the house of the LORD shall be established in the top of the mountains, and it shall be exalted above the hills; and people shall flow to it.
Nahum 3:12	All your strong holds shall be like fig trees with the first ripe figs: if they be shaken, they shall even fall into the mouth of the eater.
Luke 23:33	And when they were come to the place, which is called Calvary, there they crucified him, and the malefactors, one on the right hand, and the other on the left.
Job 30:23	For I know that you will bring me to death, and to the house appointed for all living.
Isaiah 1:13	Bring no more vain oblations; incense is an abomination to me; the new moons and sabbaths, the calling of assemblies, I cannot away with; it is iniquity, even the solemn meeting.
Genesis 24:49	And now if you will deal kindly and truly with my master, tell me: and if not, tell me; that I may turn to the right hand, or to the left.
Luke 24:40	And when he had thus spoken, he showed them his hands and his feet.
Deuteronomy 2:26	And I sent messengers out of the wilderness of Kedemoth to Sihon king of Heshbon with words of peace, saying,
James 4:4	You adulterers and adulteresses, know you not that the friendship of the world is enmity with God? whoever therefore will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God.
Revelation 11:11	And after three days and an half the spirit of life from God entered into them, and they stood on their feet; and great fear fell on them which saw them.
Job 13:14	Why do I take my flesh in my teeth, and put my life in my hand?
Job 27:1	Moreover Job continued his parable, and said,
Lamentations 5:2	Our inheritance is turned to strangers, our houses to aliens.
Nehemiah 7:64	These sought their register among those that were reckoned by genealogy, but it was not found: therefore were they, as polluted, put from the priesthood.
Mark 11:11	And Jesus entered into Jerusalem, and into the temple: and when he had looked round about on all things, and now the eventide was come, he went out to Bethany with the twelve.
Psalm 78:44	And had turned their rivers into blood; and their floods, that they could not drink.
Isaiah 8:17	And I will wait on the LORD, that hides his face from the house of Jacob, and I will look for him.
Ezekiel 27:7	Fine linen with broidered work from Egypt was that which you spread forth to be your sail; blue and purple from the isles of Elishah was that which covered you.
Psalm 94:21	They gather themselves together against the soul of the righteous, and condemn the innocent blood.
1 Kings 12:18	Then king Rehoboam sent Adoram, who was over the tribute; and all Israel stoned him with stones, that he died. Therefore king Rehoboam made speed to get him up to his chariot, to flee to Jerusalem.
Psalm 132:15	I will abundantly bless her provision: I will satisfy her poor with bread.
Matthew 26:67	Then did they spit in his face, and buffeted him; and others smote him with the palms of their hands,
2 Corinthians 10:16	To preach the gospel in the regions beyond you, and not to boast in another man’s line of things made ready to our hand.
Ezekiel 41:13	So he measured the house, an hundred cubits long; and the separate place, and the building, with the walls thereof, an hundred cubits long;
Ezekiel 16:22	And in all your abominations and your prostitutions you have not remembered the days of your youth, when you were naked and bore, and were polluted in your blood.
Luke 23:46	And when Jesus had cried with a loud voice, he said, Father, into your hands I commend my spirit: and having said thus, he gave up the ghost.
Jeremiah 51:13	O you that dwell on many waters, abundant in treasures, your end is come, and the measure of your covetousness.
Genesis 41:16	And Joseph answered Pharaoh, saying, It is not in me: God shall give Pharaoh an answer of peace.
Romans 16:2	That you receive her in the Lord, as becomes saints, and that you assist her in whatever business she has need of you: for she has been a succorer of many, and of myself also.
Jeremiah 25:32	Thus said the LORD of hosts, Behold, evil shall go forth from nation to nation, and a great whirlwind shall be raised up from the coasts of the earth.
Revelation 16:13	And I saw three unclean spirits like frogs come out of the mouth of the dragon, and out of the mouth of the beast, and out of the mouth of the false prophet.
Luke 11:8	I say to you, Though he will not rise and give him, because he is his friend, yet because of his importunity he will rise and give him as many as he needs.
John 21:9	As soon then as they were come to land, they saw a fire of coals there, and fish laid thereon, and bread.
2 Kings 23:20	And he slew all the priests of the high places that were there on the altars, and burned men’s bones on them, and returned to Jerusalem.
Luke 11:46	And he said, Woe to you also, you lawyers! for you lade men with burdens grievous to be borne, and you yourselves touch not the burdens with one of your fingers.
Jeremiah 33:4	For thus said the LORD, the God of Israel, concerning the houses of this city, and concerning the houses of the kings of Judah, which are thrown down by the mounts, and by the sword;
Exodus 22:25	If you lend money to any of my people that is poor by you, you shall not be to him as an usurer, neither shall you lay on him usury.
Nehemiah 7:66	The whole congregation together was forty and two thousand three hundred and three score,
Joshua 22:24	And if we have not rather done it for fear of this thing, saying, In time to come your children might speak to our children, saying, What have you to do with the LORD God of Israel?
Ezekiel 17:4	He cropped off the top of his young twigs, and carried it into a land of traffic; he set it in a city of merchants.
Matthew 15:28	Then Jesus answered and said to her, O woman, great is your faith: be it to you even as you will. And her daughter was made whole from that very hour.
Isaiah 51:19	These two things are come to you; who shall be sorry for you? desolation, and destruction, and the famine, and the sword: by whom shall I comfort you?
1 Samuel 12:7	Now therefore stand still, that I may reason with you before the LORD of all the righteous acts of the LORD, which he did to you and to your fathers.
Acts 19:24	For a certain man named Demetrius, a silversmith, which made silver shrines for Diana, brought no small gain to the craftsmen;
Esther 9:27	The Jews ordained, and took on them, and on their seed, and on all such as joined themselves to them, so as it should not fail, that they would keep these two days according to their writing, and according to their appointed time every year;
1 Chronicles 11:30	Maharai the Netophathite, Heled the son of Baanah the Netophathite,
Deuteronomy 28:27	The LORD will smite you with the botch of Egypt, and with the tumors, and with the scab, and with the itch, whereof you can not be healed.
Genesis 22:10	And Abraham stretched forth his hand, and took the knife to slay his son.
Ecclesiastes 6:1	There is an evil which I have seen under the sun, and it is common among men:
Genesis 23:7	And Abraham stood up, and bowed himself to the people of the land, even to the children of Heth.
Luke 21:33	Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.
Numbers 28:5	And a tenth part of an ephah of flour for a meat offering, mingled with the fourth part of an hin of beaten oil.
Jeremiah 6:28	They are all grievous rebels, walking with slanders: they are brass and iron; they are all corrupters.
1 Samuel 25:21	Now David had said, Surely in vain have I kept all that this fellow has in the wilderness, so that nothing was missed of all that pertained to him: and he has requited me evil for good.
1 Corinthians 16:8	But I will tarry at Ephesus until Pentecost.
Psalm 123:4	Our soul is exceedingly filled with the scorning of those that are at ease, and with the contempt of the proud.
Leviticus 19:10	And you shall not glean your vineyard, neither shall you gather every grape of your vineyard; you shall leave them for the poor and stranger: I am the LORD your God.
Numbers 21:19	And from Mattanah to Nahaliel: and from Nahaliel to Bamoth:
Ezekiel 4:9	Take you also to you wheat, and barley, and beans, and lentils, and millet, and fitches, and put them in one vessel, and make you bread thereof, according to the number of the days that you shall lie on your side, three hundred and ninety days shall you eat thereof.
Jeremiah 29:11	For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, said the LORD, thoughts of peace, and not of evil, to give you an expected end.
Proverbs 28:5	Evil men understand not judgment: but they that seek the LORD understand all things.
Job 19:12	His troops come together, and raise up their way against me, and encamp round about my tabernacle.
Deuteronomy 25:12	Then you shall cut off her hand, your eye shall not pity her.
Ezekiel 22:3	Then say you, Thus said the Lord GOD, The city sheds blood in the middle of it, that her time may come, and makes idols against herself to defile herself.
Ezekiel 25:13	Therefore thus said the Lord GOD; I will also stretch out my hand on Edom, and will cut off man and beast from it; and I will make it desolate from Teman; and they of Dedan shall fall by the sword.
Isaiah 65:24	And it shall come to pass, that before they call, I will answer; and while they are yet speaking, I will hear.
Isaiah 22:15	Thus said the Lord GOD of hosts, Go, get you to this treasurer, even to Shebna, which is over the house, and say,
1 Corinthians 1:6	Even as the testimony of Christ was confirmed in you:
Psalm 95:5	The sea is his, and he made it: and his hands formed the dry land.
Judges 4:8	And Barak said to her, If you will go with me, then I will go: but if you will not go with me, then I will not go.
1 Corinthians 10:17	For we being many are one bread, and one body: for we are all partakers of that one bread.
Judges 20:1	Then all the children of Israel went out, and the congregation was gathered together as one man, from Dan even to Beersheba, with the land of Gilead, to the LORD in Mizpeh.
Deuteronomy 28:35	The LORD shall smite you in the knees, and in the legs, with a sore botch that cannot be healed, from the sole of your foot to the top of your head.
Colossians 2:19	And not holding the Head, from which all the body by joints and bands having nourishment ministered, and knit together, increases with the increase of God.
Jeremiah 39:12	Take him, and look well to him, and do him no harm; but do to him even as he shall say to you.
2 Chronicles 9:9	And she gave the king an hundred and twenty talents of gold, and of spices great abundance, and precious stones: neither was there any such spice as the queen of Sheba gave king Solomon.
Job 33:24	Then he is gracious to him, and said, Deliver him from going down to the pit: I have found a ransom.
Joshua 19:14	And the border compasses it on the north side to Hannathon: and the outgoings thereof are in the valley of Jiphthahel:
Psalm 119:33	Teach me, O LORD, the way of your statutes; and I shall keep it to the end.
Numbers 24:24	And ships shall come from the coast of Chittim, and shall afflict Asshur, and shall afflict Eber, and he also shall perish for ever.
1 Chronicles 9:41	And the sons of Micah were, Pithon, and Melech, and Tahrea, and Ahaz.
Jeremiah 48:3	A voice of crying shall be from Horonaim, spoiling and great destruction.
Psalm 118:15	The voice of rejoicing and salvation is in the tabernacles of the righteous: the right hand of the LORD does valiantly.
Ezekiel 11:15	Son of man, your brothers, even your brothers, the men of your kindred, and all the house of Israel wholly, are they to whom the inhabitants of Jerusalem have said, Get you far from the LORD: to us is this land given in possession.
Job 22:23	If you return to the Almighty, you shall be built up, you shall put away iniquity far from your tabernacles.
Psalm 142:6	Attend to my cry; for I am brought very low: deliver me from my persecutors; for they are stronger than I.
John 6:71	He spoke of Judas Iscariot the son of Simon: for he it was that should betray him, being one of the twelve.
Ezekiel 23:45	And the righteous men, they shall judge them after the manner of adulteresses, and after the manner of women that shed blood; because they are adulteresses, and blood is in their hands.
Ezekiel 29:14	And I will bring again the captivity of Egypt, and will cause them to return into the land of Pathros, into the land of their habitation; and they shall be there a base kingdom.
Leviticus 18:20	Moreover you shall not lie carnally with your neighbor’s wife, to defile yourself with her.
2 Corinthians 12:12	Truly the signs of an apostle were worked among you in all patience, in signs, and wonders, and mighty deeds.
Matthew 17:1	And after six days Jesus takes Peter, James, and John his brother, and brings them up into an high mountain apart,
Genesis 31:45	And Jacob took a stone, and set it up for a pillar.
Nahum 1:14	And the LORD has given a commandment concerning you, that no more of your name be sown: out of the house of your gods will I cut off the graven image and the molten image: I will make your grave; for you are vile.
Isaiah 44:26	That confirms the word of his servant, and performes the counsel of his messengers; that said to Jerusalem, You shall be inhabited; and to the cities of Judah, You shall be built, and I will raise up the decayed places thereof:
Ezra 10:17	And they made an end with all the men that had taken strange wives by the first day of the first month.
John 4:15	The woman said to him, Sir, give me this water, that I thirst not, neither come here to draw.
Genesis 46:21	And the sons of Benjamin were Belah, and Becher, and Ashbel, Gera, and Naaman, Ehi, and Rosh, Muppim, and Huppim, and Ard.
John 11:38	Jesus therefore again groaning in himself comes to the grave. It was a cave, and a stone lay on it.
Romans 15:1	We then that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak, and not to please ourselves.
Jeremiah 16:19	O LORD, my strength, and my fortress, and my refuge in the day of affliction, the Gentiles shall come to you from the ends of the earth, and shall say, Surely our fathers have inherited lies, vanity, and things wherein there is no profit.
Exodus 28:28	And they shall bind the breastplate by the rings thereof to the rings of the ephod with a lace of blue, that it may be above the curious girdle of the ephod, and that the breastplate be not loosed from the ephod.
Hebrews 12:20	(For they could not endure that which was commanded, And if so much as a beast touch the mountain, it shall be stoned, or thrust through with a dart:
1 Chronicles 1:12	And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (of whom came the Philistines,) and Caphthorim.
1 Corinthians 6:9	Know you not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind,
Psalm 110:2	The LORD shall send the rod of your strength out of Zion: rule you in the middle of your enemies.
Matthew 14:15	And when it was evening, his disciples came to him, saying, This is a desert place, and the time is now past; send the multitude away, that they may go into the villages, and buy themselves victuals.
Leviticus 8:13	And Moses brought Aaron’s sons, and put coats on them, and girded them with girdles, and put bonnets on them; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Joshua 2:2	And it was told the king of Jericho, saying, Behold, there came men in here to night of the children of Israel to search out the country.
2 Samuel 3:23	When Joab and all the host that was with him were come, they told Joab, saying, Abner the son of Ner came to the king, and he has sent him away, and he is gone in peace.
James 4:6	But he gives more grace. Why he said, God resists the proud, but gives grace to the humble.
Psalm 141:8	But my eyes are to you, O GOD the Lord: in you is my trust; leave not my soul destitute.
1 Samuel 17:57	And as David returned from the slaughter of the Philistine, Abner took him, and brought him before Saul with the head of the Philistine in his hand.
Acts 26:9	I truly thought with myself, that I ought to do many things contrary to the name of Jesus of Nazareth.
Mark 3:26	And if Satan rise up against himself, and be divided, he cannot stand, but has an end.
Proverbs 18:5	It is not good to accept the person of the wicked, to overthrow the righteous in judgment.
Joshua 4:15	And the LORD spoke to Joshua, saying,
Exodus 38:24	All the gold that was occupied for the work in all the work of the holy place, even the gold of the offering, was twenty and nine talents, and seven hundred and thirty shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary.
Leviticus 24:15	And you shall speak to the children of Israel, saying, Whoever curses his God shall bear his sin.
2 Chronicles 9:17	Moreover the king made a great throne of ivory, and overlaid it with pure gold.
1 Corinthians 15:52	In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed.
Psalm 44:4	You are my King, O God: command deliverances for Jacob.
Psalm 80:3	Turn us again, O God, and cause your face to shine; and we shall be saved.
Acts 5:42	And daily in the temple, and in every house, they ceased not to teach and preach Jesus Christ.
Mark 12:8	And they took him, and killed him, and cast him out of the vineyard.
Leviticus 14:50	And he shall kill the one of the birds in an earthen vessel over running water:
2 Samuel 19:9	And all the people were at strife throughout all the tribes of Israel, saying, The king saved us out of the hand of our enemies, and he delivered us out of the hand of the Philistines; and now he is fled out of the land for Absalom.
Esther 8:2	And the king took off his ring, which he had taken from Haman, and gave it to Mordecai. And Esther set Mordecai over the house of Haman.
2 Chronicles 15:2	And he went out to meet Asa, and said to him, Hear you me, Asa, and all Judah and Benjamin; The LORD is with you, while you be with him; and if you seek him, he will be found of you; but if you forsake him, he will forsake you.
Daniel 12:1	And at that time shall Michael stand up, the great prince which stands for the children of your people: and there shall be a time of trouble, such as never was since there was a nation even to that same time: and at that time your people shall be delivered, every one that shall be found written in the book.
Esther 1:4	When he showed the riches of his glorious kingdom and the honor of his excellent majesty many days, even an hundred and fourscore days.
Ezra 10:13	But the people are many, and it is a time of much rain, and we are not able to stand without, neither is this a work of one day or two: for we are many that have transgressed in this thing.
Job 21:23	One dies in his full strength, being wholly at ease and quiet.
Matthew 22:40	On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets.
Jeremiah 13:19	The cities of the south shall be shut up, and none shall open them: Judah shall be carried away captive all of it, it shall be wholly carried away captive.
1 Chronicles 6:54	Now these are their dwelling places throughout their castles in their coasts, of the sons of Aaron, of the families of the Kohathites: for theirs was the lot.
John 17:12	While I was with them in the world, I kept them in your name: those that you gave me I have kept, and none of them is lost, but the son of perdition; that the scripture might be fulfilled.
2 Chronicles 29:10	Now it is in my heart to make a covenant with the LORD God of Israel, that his fierce wrath may turn away from us.
2 Chronicles 3:5	And the greater house he paneled with fir tree, which he overlaid with fine gold, and set thereon palm trees and chains.
Numbers 29:3	And their meat offering shall be of flour mingled with oil, three tenth deals for a bullock, and two tenth deals for a ram,
Numbers 1:2	Take you the sum of all the congregation of the children of Israel, after their families, by the house of their fathers, with the number of their names, every male by their polls;
Ezekiel 43:24	And you shall offer them before the LORD, and the priests shall cast salt on them, and they shall offer them up for a burnt offering to the LORD.
Jeremiah 18:11	Now therefore go to, speak to the men of Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, saying, Thus said the LORD; Behold, I frame evil against you, and devise a device against you: return you now every one from his evil way, and make your ways and your doings good.
Deuteronomy 32:24	They shall be burnt with hunger, and devoured with burning heat, and with bitter destruction: I will also send the teeth of beasts on them, with the poison of serpents of the dust.
1 Kings 1:18	And now, behold, Adonijah reigns; and now, my lord the king, you know it not:
Isaiah 11:2	And the spirit of the LORD shall rest on him, the spirit of wisdom and understanding, the spirit of counsel and might, the spirit of knowledge and of the fear of the LORD;
Psalm 118:2	Let Israel now say, that his mercy endures for ever.
2 Samuel 12:8	And I gave you your master’s house, and your master’s wives into your bosom, and gave you the house of Israel and of Judah; and if that had been too little, I would moreover have given to you such and such things.
Joshua 7:16	So Joshua rose up early in the morning, and brought Israel by their tribes; and the tribe of Judah was taken:
Exodus 5:18	Go therefore now, and work; for there shall no straw be given you, yet shall you deliver the tale of bricks.
Acts 15:2	When therefore Paul and Barnabas had no small dissension and disputation with them, they determined that Paul and Barnabas, and certain other of them, should go up to Jerusalem to the apostles and elders about this question.
Deuteronomy 8:18	But you shall remember the LORD your God: for it is he that gives you power to get wealth, that he may establish his covenant which he swore to your fathers, as it is this day.
Romans 16:6	Greet Mary, who bestowed much labor on us.
Acts 5:20	Go, stand and speak in the temple to the people all the words of this life.
Exodus 13:10	You shall therefore keep this ordinance in his season from year to year.
Jeremiah 29:15	Because you have said, The LORD has raised us up prophets in Babylon;
Genesis 1:16	And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stars also.
Proverbs 27:16	Whoever hides her hides the wind, and the ointment of his right hand, which denudes itself.
Psalm 112:5	A good man shows favor, and lends: he will guide his affairs with discretion.
Zechariah 3:2	And the LORD said to Satan, The LORD rebuke you, O Satan; even the LORD that has chosen Jerusalem rebuke you: is not this a brand plucked out of the fire?
1 Samuel 9:6	And he said to him, Behold now, there is in this city a man of God, and he is an honorable man; all that he said comes surely to pass: now let us go thither; peradventure he can show us our way that we should go.
1 Corinthians 3:20	And again, The Lord knows the thoughts of the wise, that they are vain.
1 Kings 8:21	And I have set there a place for the ark, wherein is the covenant of the LORD, which he made with our fathers, when he brought them out of the land of Egypt.
1 Kings 11:7	Then did Solomon build an high place for Chemosh, the abomination of Moab, in the hill that is before Jerusalem, and for Molech, the abomination of the children of Ammon.
Numbers 21:16	And from there they went to Beer: that is the well whereof the LORD spoke to Moses, Gather the people together, and I will give them water.
Genesis 47:24	And it shall come to pass in the increase, that you shall give the fifth part to Pharaoh, and four parts shall be your own, for seed of the field, and for your food, and for them of your households, and for food for your little ones.
Revelation 9:11	And they had a king over them, which is the angel of the bottomless pit, whose name in the Hebrew tongue is Abaddon, but in the Greek tongue has his name Apollyon.
Ephesians 6:2	Honor your father and mother; which is the first commandment with promise;
Psalm 46:4	There is a river, the streams whereof shall make glad the city of God, the holy place of the tabernacles of the most High.
Proverbs 14:34	Righteousness exalts a nation: but sin is a reproach to any people.
Jeremiah 8:3	And death shall be chosen rather than life by all the residue of them that remain of this evil family, which remain in all the places where I have driven them, said the LORD of hosts.
Titus 1:2	In hope of eternal life, which God, that cannot lie, promised before the world began;
Amos 3:4	Will a lion roar in the forest, when he has no prey? will a young lion cry out of his den, if he have taken nothing?
2 Chronicles 36:19	And they burnt the house of God, and broke down the wall of Jerusalem, and burnt all the palaces thereof with fire, and destroyed all the goodly vessels thereof.
Isaiah 16:14	But now the LORD has spoken, saying, Within three years, as the years of an hireling, and the glory of Moab shall be contemned, with all that great multitude; and the remnant shall be very small and feeble.
1 Chronicles 5:18	The sons of Reuben, and the Gadites, and half the tribe of Manasseh, of valiant men, men able to bear buckler and sword, and to shoot with bow, and skillful in war, were four and forty thousand seven hundred and three score, that went out to the war.
Genesis 11:9	Therefore is the name of it called Babel; because the LORD did there confound the language of all the earth: and from there did the LORD scatter them abroad on the face of all the earth.
Genesis 21:20	And God was with the lad; and he grew, and dwelled in the wilderness, and became an archer.
Acts 21:36	For the multitude of the people followed after, crying, Away with him.
Ezekiel 1:10	As for the likeness of their faces, they four had the face of a man, and the face of a lion, on the right side: and they four had the face of an ox on the left side; they four also had the face of an eagle.
Haggai 1:14	And the LORD stirred up the spirit of Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, and the spirit of Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest, and the spirit of all the remnant of the people; and they came and did work in the house of the LORD of hosts, their God,
2 Corinthians 1:5	For as the sufferings of Christ abound in us, so our consolation also abounds by Christ.
Acts 21:27	And when the seven days were almost ended, the Jews which were of Asia, when they saw him in the temple, stirred up all the people, and laid hands on him,
Ezekiel 16:30	How weak is your heart, said the LORD GOD, seeing you do all these things, the work of an imperious whorish woman;
Psalm 64:7	But God shall shoot at them with an arrow; suddenly shall they be wounded.
Ezekiel 47:13	Thus said the Lord GOD; This shall be the border, whereby you shall inherit the land according to the twelve tribes of Israel: Joseph shall have two portions.
Colossians 2:20	Why if you be dead with Christ from the rudiments of the world, why, as though living in the world, are you subject to ordinances,
1 Samuel 4:11	And the ark of God was taken; and the two sons of Eli, Hophni and Phinehas, were slain.
Proverbs 25:24	It is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop, than with a brawling woman and in a wide house.
Job 9:30	If I wash myself with snow water, and make my hands never so clean;
2 Kings 20:5	Turn again, and tell Hezekiah the captain of my people, Thus said the LORD, the God of David your father, I have heard your prayer, I have seen your tears: behold, I will heal you: on the third day you shall go up to the house of the LORD.
1 Kings 22:34	And a certain man drew a bow at a venture, and smote the king of Israel between the joints of the harness: why he said to the driver of his chariot, Turn your hand, and carry me out of the host; for I am wounded.
Leviticus 25:49	Either his uncle, or his uncle’s son, may redeem him, or any that is near of kin to him of his family may redeem him; or if he be able, he may redeem himself.
Exodus 5:9	Let there more work be laid on the men, that they may labor therein; and let them not regard vain words.
Luke 24:41	And while they yet believed not for joy, and wondered, he said to them, Have you here any meat?
Ezekiel 7:26	Mischief shall come on mischief, and rumor shall be on rumor; then shall they seek a vision of the prophet; but the law shall perish from the priest, and counsel from the ancients.
Titus 3:4	But after that the kindness and love of God our Savior toward man appeared,
Mark 7:1	Then came together to him the Pharisees, and certain of the scribes, which came from Jerusalem.
Isaiah 32:19	When it shall hail, coming down on the forest; and the city shall be low in a low place.
Hosea 4:10	For they shall eat, and not have enough: they shall commit prostitution, and shall not increase: because they have left off to take heed to the LORD.
2 Samuel 6:17	And they brought in the ark of the LORD, and set it in his place, in the middle of the tabernacle that David had pitched for it: and David offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before the LORD.
Luke 24:17	And he said to them, What manner of communications are these that you have one to another, as you walk, and are sad?
Deuteronomy 27:3	And you shall write on them all the words of this law, when you are passed over, that you may go in to the land which the LORD your God gives you, a land that flows with milk and honey; as the LORD God of your fathers has promised you.
Deuteronomy 29:29	The secret things belong to the LORD our God: but those things which are revealed belong to us and to our children for ever, that we may do all the words of this law.
Deuteronomy 21:5	And the priests the sons of Levi shall come near; for them the LORD your God has chosen to minister to him, and to bless in the name of the LORD; and by their word shall every controversy and every stroke be tried:
Revelation 3:11	Behold, I come quickly: hold that fast which you have, that no man take your crown.
Acts 7:24	And seeing one of them suffer wrong, he defended him, and avenged him that was oppressed, and smote the Egyptian:
Jeremiah 24:7	And I will give them an heart to know me, that I am the LORD: and they shall be my people, and I will be their God: for they shall return to me with their whole heart.
Matthew 18:8	Why if your hand or your foot offend you, cut them off, and cast them from you: it is better for you to enter into life halt or maimed, rather than having two hands or two feet to be cast into everlasting fire.
2 Samuel 17:8	For, said Hushai, you know your father and his men, that they be mighty men, and they be chafed in their minds, as a bear robbed of her whelps in the field: and your father is a man of war, and will not lodge with the people.
John 8:30	As he spoke these words, many believed on him.
Zechariah 12:5	And the governors of Judah shall say in their heart, The inhabitants of Jerusalem shall be my strength in the LORD of hosts their God.
Genesis 39:20	And Joseph’s master took him, and put him into the prison, a place where the king’s prisoners were bound: and he was there in the prison.
Ezekiel 15:6	Therefore thus said the Lord GOD; As the vine tree among the trees of the forest, which I have given to the fire for fuel, so will I give the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
2 Kings 21:4	And he built altars in the house of the LORD, of which the LORD said, In Jerusalem will I put my name.
1 Corinthians 14:16	Else when you shall bless with the spirit, how shall he that occupies the room of the unlearned say Amen at your giving of thanks, seeing he understands not what you say?
Luke 23:41	And we indeed justly; for we receive the due reward of our deeds: but this man has done nothing amiss.
Exodus 38:16	All the hangings of the court round about were of fine twined linen.
Luke 12:58	When you go with your adversary to the magistrate, as you are in the way, give diligence that you may be delivered from him; lest he hale you to the judge, and the judge deliver you to the officer, and the officer cast you into prison.
Isaiah 8:14	And he shall be for a sanctuary; but for a stone of stumbling and for a rock of offense to both the houses of Israel, for a gin and for a snare to the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
Job 38:21	Know you it, because you were then born? or because the number of your days is great?
2 Timothy 4:4	And they shall turn away their ears from the truth, and shall be turned to fables.
Daniel 10:4	And in the four and twentieth day of the first month, as I was by the side of the great river, which is Hiddekel;
Leviticus 13:43	Then the priest shall look on it: and, behold, if the rising of the sore be white reddish in his bald head, or in his bald forehead, as the leprosy appears in the skin of the flesh;
Luke 16:30	And he said, No, father Abraham: but if one went to them from the dead, they will repent.
Matthew 9:21	For she said within herself, If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole.
2 Kings 3:2	And he worked evil in the sight of the LORD; but not like his father, and like his mother: for he put away the image of Baal that his father had made.
Nahum 1:7	The LORD is good, a strong hold in the day of trouble; and he knows them that trust in him.
Exodus 32:31	And Moses returned to the LORD, and said, Oh, this people have sinned a great sin, and have made them gods of gold.
Joshua 12:2	Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwelled in Heshbon, and ruled from Aroer, which is on the bank of the river Arnon, and from the middle of the river, and from half Gilead, even to the river Jabbok, which is the border of the children of Ammon;
Nehemiah 13:10	And I perceived that the portions of the Levites had not been given them: for the Levites and the singers, that did the work, were fled every one to his field.
Jeremiah 9:10	For the mountains will I take up a weeping and wailing, and for the habitations of the wilderness a lamentation, because they are burned up, so that none can pass through them; neither can men hear the voice of the cattle; both the fowl of the heavens and the beast are fled; they are gone.
Exodus 18:22	And let them judge the people at all seasons: and it shall be, that every great matter they shall bring to you, but every small matter they shall judge: so shall it be easier for yourself, and they shall bear the burden with you.
Hosea 9:2	The floor and the wine press shall not feed them, and the new wine shall fail in her.
1 Kings 12:3	That they sent and called him. And Jeroboam and all the congregation of Israel came, and spoke to Rehoboam, saying,
2 Chronicles 10:2	And it came to pass, when Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who was in Egypt, where he fled from the presence of Solomon the king, heard it, that Jeroboam returned out of Egypt.
1 Samuel 12:6	And Samuel said to the people, It is the LORD that advanced Moses and Aaron, and that brought your fathers up out of the land of Egypt.
Mark 1:10	And straightway coming up out of the water, he saw the heavens opened, and the Spirit like a dove descending on him:
Genesis 29:34	And she conceived again, and bore a son; and said, Now this time will my husband be joined to me, because I have born him three sons: therefore was his name called Levi.
Exodus 36:27	And for the sides of the tabernacle westward he made six boards.
Numbers 34:19	And the names of the men are these: Of the tribe of Judah, Caleb the son of Jephunneh.
Acts 12:13	And as Peter knocked at the door of the gate, a damsel came to listen, named Rhoda.
James 1:24	For he beholds himself, and goes his way, and straightway forgets what manner of man he was.
Leviticus 27:12	And the priest shall value it, whether it be good or bad: as you value it, who are the priest, so shall it be.
Leviticus 14:36	Then the priest shall command that they empty the house, before the priest go into it to see the plague, that all that is in the house be not made unclean: and afterward the priest shall go in to see the house:
1 Samuel 15:26	And Samuel said to Saul, I will not return with you: for you have rejected the word of the LORD, and the LORD has rejected you from being king over Israel.
Acts 27:36	Then were they all of good cheer, and they also took some meat.
Proverbs 25:3	The heaven for height, and the earth for depth, and the heart of kings is unsearchable.
2 Chronicles 25:27	Now after the time that Amaziah did turn away from following the LORD they made a conspiracy against him in Jerusalem; and he fled to Lachish: but they sent to Lachish after him, and slew him there.
2 Samuel 3:36	And all the people took notice of it, and it pleased them: as whatever the king did pleased all the people.
Numbers 20:23	And the LORD spoke to Moses and Aaron in mount Hor, by the coast of the land of Edom, saying,
Exodus 36:17	And he made fifty loops on the uttermost edge of the curtain in the coupling, and fifty loops made he on the edge of the curtain which couples the second.
Acts 22:29	Then straightway they departed from him which should have examined him: and the chief captain also was afraid, after he knew that he was a Roman, and because he had bound him.
Isaiah 37:28	But I know your stayed, and your going out, and your coming in, and your rage against me.
Psalm 19:8	The statutes of the LORD are right, rejoicing the heart: the commandment of the LORD is pure, enlightening the eyes.
Judges 20:7	Behold, you are all children of Israel; give here your advice and counsel.
2 Chronicles 20:28	And they came to Jerusalem with psalteries and harps and trumpets to the house of the LORD.
Jeremiah 5:10	Go you up on her walls, and destroy; but make not a full end: take away her battlements; for they are not the LORD’s.
Daniel 7:20	And of the ten horns that were in his head, and of the other which came up, and before whom three fell; even of that horn that had eyes, and a mouth that spoke very great things, whose look was more stout than his fellows.
Jeremiah 48:19	O inhabitant of Aroer, stand by the way, and espy; ask him that flees, and her that escapes, and say, What is done?
Isaiah 61:4	And they shall build the old wastes, they shall raise up the former desolations, and they shall repair the waste cities, the desolations of many generations.
2 Chronicles 2:12	Huram said moreover, Blessed be the LORD God of Israel, that made heaven and earth, who has given to David the king a wise son, endued with prudence and understanding, that might build an house for the LORD, and an house for his kingdom.
Job 28:17	The gold and the crystal cannot equal it: and the exchange of it shall not be for jewels of fine gold.
John 10:42	And many believed on him there.
Romans 5:8	But God commends his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.
Exodus 28:22	And you shall make on the breastplate chains at the ends of wreathen work of pure gold.
Leviticus 26:32	And I will bring the land into desolation: and your enemies which dwell therein shall be astonished at it.
Numbers 32:24	Build you cities for your little ones, and folds for your sheep; and do that which has proceeded out of your mouth.
Isaiah 36:22	Then came Eliakim, the son of Hilkiah, that was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah, the son of Asaph, the recorder, to Hezekiah with their clothes rent, and told him the words of Rabshakeh.
Matthew 18:18	Truly I say to you, Whatever you shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatever you shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven.
Leviticus 14:28	And the priest shall put of the oil that is in his hand on the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed, and on the thumb of his right hand, and on the great toe of his right foot, on the place of the blood of the trespass offering:
1 Kings 14:2	And Jeroboam said to his wife, Arise, I pray you, and disguise yourself, that you be not known to be the wife of Jeroboam; and get you to Shiloh: behold, there is Ahijah the prophet, which told me that I should be king over this people.
1 Peter 2:15	For so is the will of God, that with well doing you may put to silence the ignorance of foolish men:
Luke 18:25	For it is easier for a camel to go through a needle’s eye, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.
Genesis 5:16	And Mahalaleel lived after he begat Jared eight hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters:
Ezekiel 35:2	Son of man, set your face against mount Seir, and prophesy against it,
2 Samuel 2:9	And made him king over Gilead, and over the Ashurites, and over Jezreel, and over Ephraim, and over Benjamin, and over all Israel.
Mark 6:1	And he went out from there, and came into his own country; and his disciples follow him.
Psalm 108:2	Awake, psaltery and harp: I myself will awake early.
Numbers 10:8	And the sons of Aaron, the priests, shall blow with the trumpets; and they shall be to you for an ordinance for ever throughout your generations.
Ezekiel 22:22	As silver is melted in the middle of the furnace, so shall you be melted in the middle thereof; and you shall know that I the LORD have poured out my fury on you.
Genesis 41:6	And, behold, seven thin ears and blasted with the east wind sprung up after them.
Mark 15:4	And Pilate asked him again, saying, Answer you nothing? behold how many things they witness against you.
1 Thessalonians 2:7	But we were gentle among you, even as a nurse cherishes her children:
Job 19:1	Then Job answered and said,
Nehemiah 11:13	And his brothers, chief of the fathers, two hundred forty and two: and Amashai the son of Azareel, the son of Ahasai, the son of Meshillemoth, the son of Immer,
Romans 4:13	For the promise, that he should be the heir of the world, was not to Abraham, or to his seed, through the law, but through the righteousness of faith.
1 Samuel 10:9	And it was so, that when he had turned his back to go from Samuel, God gave him another heart: and all those signs came to pass that day.
1 Samuel 31:1	Now the Philistines fought against Israel: and the men of Israel fled from before the Philistines, and fell down slain in mount Gilboa.
Psalm 139:17	How precious also are your thoughts to me, O God! how great is the sum of them!
Exodus 1:10	Come on, let us deal wisely with them; lest they multiply, and it come to pass, that, when there falls out any war, they join also to our enemies, and fight against us, and so get them up out of the land.
1 Chronicles 17:15	According to all these words, and according to all this vision, so did Nathan speak to David.
Genesis 42:22	And Reuben answered them, saying, Spoke I not to you, saying, Do not sin against the child; and you would not hear? therefore, behold, also his blood is required.
Genesis 38:14	And she put her widow’s garments off from her, and covered her with a veil, and wrapped herself, and sat in an open place, which is by the way to Timnath; for she saw that Shelah was grown, and she was not given to him to wife.
Leviticus 11:33	And every earthen vessel, into where any of them falls, whatever is in it shall be unclean; and you shall break it.
Exodus 34:34	But when Moses went in before the LORD to speak with him, he took the veil off, until he came out. And he came out, and spoke to the children of Israel that which he was commanded.
2 Thessalonians 3:7	For yourselves know how you ought to follow us: for we behaved not ourselves disorderly among you;
Joshua 3:12	Now therefore take you twelve men out of the tribes of Israel, out of every tribe a man.
Acts 7:47	But Solomon built him an house.
Psalm 40:14	Let them be ashamed and confounded together that seek after my soul to destroy it; let them be driven backward and put to shame that wish me evil.
Psalm 71:15	My mouth shall show forth your righteousness and your salvation all the day; for I know not the numbers thereof.
Joshua 4:7	Then you shall answer them, That the waters of Jordan were cut off before the ark of the covenant of the LORD; when it passed over Jordan, the waters of Jordan were cut off: and these stones shall be for a memorial to the children of Israel for ever.
Judges 9:19	If you then have dealt truly and sincerely with Jerubbaal and with his house this day, then rejoice you in Abimelech, and let him also rejoice in you:
Judges 3:26	And Ehud escaped while they tarried, and passed beyond the quarries, and escaped to Seirath.
Psalm 88:10	Will you show wonders to the dead? shall the dead arise and praise you? Selah.
Daniel 12:3	And they that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament; and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever.
John 5:20	For the Father loves the Son, and shows him all things that himself does: and he will show him greater works than these, that you may marvel.
Ephesians 6:21	But that you also may know my affairs, and how I do, Tychicus, a beloved brother and faithful minister in the Lord, shall make known to you all things:
2 Chronicles 6:23	Then hear you from heaven, and do, and judge your servants, by requiting the wicked, by recompensing his way on his own head; and by justifying the righteous, by giving him according to his righteousness.
Psalm 107:31	Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men!
Numbers 3:21	Of Gershon was the family of the Libnites, and the family of the Shimites: these are the families of the Gershonites.
Deuteronomy 31:3	The LORD your God, he will go over before you, and he will destroy these nations from before you, and you shall possess them: and Joshua, he shall go over before you, as the LORD has said.
Acts 27:27	But when the fourteenth night was come, as we were driven up and down in Adria, about midnight the shipmen deemed that they drew near to some country;
Job 34:7	What man is like Job, who drinks up scorning like water?
Numbers 32:15	For if you turn away from after him, he will yet again leave them in the wilderness; and you shall destroy all this people.
1 Samuel 15:2	Thus said the LORD of hosts, I remember that which Amalek did to Israel, how he laid wait for him in the way, when he came up from Egypt.
Job 34:6	Should I lie against my right? my wound is incurable without transgression.
Psalm 145:4	One generation shall praise your works to another, and shall declare your mighty acts.
Deuteronomy 33:7	And this is the blessing of Judah: and he said, Hear, LORD, the voice of Judah, and bring him to his people: let his hands be sufficient for him; and be you an help to him from his enemies.
Mark 15:35	And some of them that stood by, when they heard it, said, Behold, he calls Elias.
Luke 8:43	And a woman having an issue of blood twelve years, which had spent all her living on physicians, neither could be healed of any,
Judges 20:13	Now therefore deliver us the men, the children of Belial, which are in Gibeah, that we may put them to death, and put away evil from Israel. But the children of Benjamin would not listen to the voice of their brothers the children of Israel.
1 Corinthians 7:40	But she is happier if she so abide, after my judgment: and I think also that I have the Spirit of God.
1 Chronicles 13:12	And David was afraid of God that day, saying, How shall I bring the ark of God home to me?
Proverbs 19:28	An ungodly witness scorns judgment: and the mouth of the wicked devours iniquity.
Song of Solomon 5:9	What is your beloved more than another beloved, O you fairest among women? what is your beloved more than another beloved, that you do so charge us?
Ecclesiastes 8:16	When I applied my heart to know wisdom, and to see the business that is done on the earth: (for also there is that neither day nor night sees sleep with his eyes:)
2 Kings 13:14	Now Elisha was fallen sick of his sickness whereof he died. And Joash the king of Israel came down to him, and wept over his face, and said, O my father, my father, the chariot of Israel, and the horsemen thereof.
2 Peter 2:7	And delivered just Lot, vexed with the filthy conversation of the wicked:
Numbers 11:24	And Moses went out, and told the people the words of the LORD, and gathered the seventy men of the elders of the people, and set them round about the tabernacle.
Proverbs 30:5	Every word of God is pure: he is a shield to them that put their trust in him.
2 Kings 12:10	And it was so, when they saw that there was much money in the chest, that the king’s scribe and the high priest came up, and they put up in bags, and told the money that was found in the house of the LORD.
Matthew 10:11	And into whatever city or town you shall enter, inquire who in it is worthy; and there abide till you go there.
Song of Solomon 6:4	You are beautiful, O my love, as Tirzah, comely as Jerusalem, terrible as an army with banners.
Jonah 4:7	But God prepared a worm when the morning rose the next day, and it smote the gourd that it withered.
Psalm 90:3	You turn man to destruction; and say, Return, you children of men.
1 Corinthians 5:10	Yet not altogether with the fornicators of this world, or with the covetous, or extortionists, or with idolaters; for then must you needs go out of the world.
Daniel 6:14	Then the king, when he heard these words, was sore displeased with himself, and set his heart on Daniel to deliver him: and he labored till the going down of the sun to deliver him.
Amos 5:25	Have you offered to me sacrifices and offerings in the wilderness forty years, O house of Israel?
Isaiah 2:22	Cease you from man, whose breath is in his nostrils: for wherein is he to be accounted of ?
Ezekiel 32:27	And they shall not lie with the mighty that are fallen of the uncircumcised, which are gone down to hell with their weapons of war: and they have laid their swords under their heads, but their iniquities shall be on their bones, though they were the terror of the mighty in the land of the living.
1 Kings 1:45	And Zadok the priest and Nathan the prophet have anointed him king in Gihon: and they are come up from there rejoicing, so that the city rang again. This is the noise that you have heard.
2 Timothy 1:10	But is now made manifest by the appearing of our Savior Jesus Christ, who has abolished death, and has brought life and immortality to light through the gospel:
Psalm 134:3	The LORD that made heaven and earth bless you out of Zion.
Psalm 22:9	But you are he that took me out of the womb: you did make me hope when I was on my mother’s breasts.
Numbers 19:10	And he that gathers the ashes of the heifer shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even: and it shall be to the children of Israel, and to the stranger that sojournes among them, for a statute for ever.
Numbers 7:44	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:
Genesis 37:5	And Joseph dreamed a dream, and he told it his brothers: and they hated him yet the more.
Matthew 26:73	And after a while came to him they that stood by, and said to Peter, Surely you also are one of them; for your speech denudes you.
Ezekiel 43:10	You son of man, show the house to the house of Israel, that they may be ashamed of their iniquities: and let them measure the pattern.
Job 40:16	See now, his strength is in his loins, and his force is in the navel of his belly.
Job 36:21	Take heed, regard not iniquity: for this have you chosen rather than affliction.
Job 22:27	You shall make your prayer to him, and he shall hear you, and you shall pay your vows.
Leviticus 6:18	All the males among the children of Aaron shall eat of it. It shall be a statute for ever in your generations concerning the offerings of the LORD made by fire: every one that touches them shall be holy.
Isaiah 19:2	And I will set the Egyptians against the Egyptians: and they shall fight every one against his brother, and every one against his neighbor; city against city, and kingdom against kingdom.
1 Samuel 10:10	And when they came thither to the hill, behold, a company of prophets met him; and the Spirit of God came on him, and he prophesied among them.
Exodus 14:10	And when Pharaoh drew near, the children of Israel lifted up their eyes, and, behold, the Egyptians marched after them; and they were sore afraid: and the children of Israel cried out to the LORD.
Job 4:16	It stood still, but I could not discern the form thereof: an image was before my eyes, there was silence, and I heard a voice, saying,
2 Kings 10:18	And Jehu gathered all the people together, and said to them, Ahab served Baal a little; but Jehu shall serve him much.
Proverbs 22:26	Be not you one of them that strike hands, or of them that are sureties for debts.
1 Peter 5:1	The elders which are among you I exhort, who am also an elder, and a witness of the sufferings of Christ, and also a partaker of the glory that shall be revealed:
Jeremiah 31:10	Hear the word of the LORD, O you nations, and declare it in the isles afar off, and say, He that scattered Israel will gather him, and keep him, as a shepherd does his flock.
Joshua 18:3	And Joshua said to the children of Israel, How long are you slack to go to possess the land, which the LORD God of your fathers has given you?
Deuteronomy 18:9	When you are come into the land which the LORD your God gives you, you shall not learn to do after the abominations of those nations.
1 Kings 12:9	And he said to them, What counsel give you that we may answer this people, who have spoken to me, saying, Make the yoke which your father did put on us lighter?
1 Corinthians 3:7	So then neither is he that plants any thing, neither he that waters; but God that gives the increase.
1 Kings 22:29	So the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah went up to Ramothgilead.
2 Chronicles 10:17	But as for the children of Israel that dwelled in the cities of Judah, Rehoboam reigned over them.
Proverbs 4:3	For I was my father’s son, tender and only beloved in the sight of my mother.
Matthew 25:14	For the kingdom of heaven is as a man traveling into a far country, who called his own servants, and delivered to them his goods.
Philippians 4:12	I know both how to be abased, and I know how to abound: every where and in all things I am instructed both to be full and to be hungry, both to abound and to suffer need.
Zechariah 8:11	But now I will not be to the residue of this people as in the former days, said the LORD of hosts.
Jeremiah 18:13	Therefore thus said the LORD; Ask you now among the heathen, who has heard such things: the virgin of Israel has done a very horrible thing.
Acts 2:40	And with many other words did he testify and exhort, saying, Save yourselves from this untoward generation.
Luke 24:6	He is not here, but is risen: remember how he spoke to you when he was yet in Galilee,
Jeremiah 44:29	And this shall be a sign to you, said the LORD, that I will punish you in this place, that you may know that my words shall surely stand against you for evil:
Isaiah 65:18	But be you glad and rejoice for ever in that which I create: for, behold, I create Jerusalem a rejoicing, and her people a joy.
1 Samuel 13:3	And Jonathan smote the garrison of the Philistines that was in Geba, and the Philistines heard of it. And Saul blew the trumpet throughout all the land, saying, Let the Hebrews hear.
Leviticus 11:45	For I am the LORD that brings you up out of the land of Egypt, to be your God: you shall therefore be holy, for I am holy.
1 Kings 5:1	And Hiram king of Tyre sent his servants to Solomon; for he had heard that they had anointed him king in the room of his father: for Hiram was ever a lover of David.
Revelation 18:10	Standing afar off for the fear of her torment, saying, Alas, alas that great city Babylon, that mighty city! for in one hour is your judgment come.
Ezra 3:5	And afterward offered the continual burnt offering, both of the new moons, and of all the set feasts of the LORD that were consecrated, and of every one that willingly offered a freewill offering to the LORD.
1 Thessalonians 4:18	Why comfort one another with these words.
Isaiah 8:8	And he shall pass through Judah; he shall overflow and go over, he shall reach even to the neck; and the stretching out of his wings shall fill the breadth of your land, O Immanuel.
Luke 6:49	But he that hears, and does not, is like a man that without a foundation built an house on the earth; against which the stream did beat vehemently, and immediately it fell; and the ruin of that house was great.
Ephesians 1:14	Which is the earnest of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession, to the praise of his glory.
2 Samuel 1:23	Saul and Jonathan were lovely and pleasant in their lives, and in their death they were not divided: they were swifter than eagles, they were stronger than lions.
Proverbs 23:20	Be not among winebibbers; among riotous eaters of flesh:
Genesis 34:12	Ask me never so much dowry and gift, and I will give according as you shall say to me: but give me the damsel to wife.
Nehemiah 2:14	Then I went on to the gate of the fountain, and to the king’s pool: but there was no place for the beast that was under me to pass.
Genesis 25:11	And it came to pass after the death of Abraham, that God blessed his son Isaac; and Isaac dwelled by the well Lahairoi.
Numbers 2:4	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were three score and fourteen thousand and six hundred.
Luke 20:3	And he answered and said to them, I will also ask you one thing; and answer me:
Job 13:7	Will you speak wickedly for God? and talk deceitfully for him?
Exodus 28:39	And you shall embroider the coat of fine linen, and you shall make the turban of fine linen, and you shall make the girdle of needlework.
Genesis 6:6	And it repented the LORD that he had made man on the earth, and it grieved him at his heart.
Genesis 23:16	And Abraham listened to Ephron; and Abraham weighed to Ephron the silver, which he had named in the audience of the sons of Heth, four hundred shekels of silver, current money with the merchant.
Psalm 66:1	Make a joyful noise to God, all you lands:
Luke 22:4	And he went his way, and communed with the chief priests and captains, how he might betray him to them.
John 11:39	Jesus said, Take you away the stone. Martha, the sister of him that was dead, said to him, Lord, by this time he stinks: for he has been dead four days.
Ezekiel 28:26	And they shall dwell safely therein, and shall build houses, and plant vineyards; yes, they shall dwell with confidence, when I have executed judgments on all those that despise them round about them; and they shall know that I am the LORD their God.
Proverbs 1:29	For that they hated knowledge, and did not choose the fear of the LORD:
Amos 5:22	Though you offer me burnt offerings and your meat offerings, I will not accept them: neither will I regard the peace offerings of your fat beasts.
1 Chronicles 7:14	The sons of Manasseh; Ashriel, whom she bore: (but his concubine the Aramitess bore Machir the father of Gilead:
Ezekiel 23:1	The word of the LORD came again to me, saying,
Genesis 30:33	So shall my righteousness answer for me in time to come, when it shall come for my hire before your face: every one that is not speckled and spotted among the goats, and brown among the sheep, that shall be counted stolen with me.
2 Corinthians 11:22	Are they Hebrews? so am I. Are they Israelites? so am I. Are they the seed of Abraham? so am I.
John 16:33	These things I have spoken to you, that in me you might have peace. In the world you shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world.
1 Chronicles 6:59	And Ashan with her suburbs, and Bethshemesh with her suburbs:
Genesis 43:23	And he said, Peace be to you, fear not: your God, and the God of your father, has given you treasure in your sacks: I had your money. And he brought Simeon out to them.
2 Kings 18:22	But if you say to me, We trust in the LORD our God: is not that he, whose high places and whose altars Hezekiah has taken away, and has said to Judah and Jerusalem, You shall worship before this altar in Jerusalem?
Esther 2:6	Who had been carried away from Jerusalem with the captivity which had been carried away with Jeconiah king of Judah, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away.
Ezra 2:20	The children of Gibbar, ninety and five.
1 Samuel 17:16	And the Philistine drew near morning and evening, and presented himself forty days.
2 Kings 23:31	Jehoahaz was twenty and three years old when he began to reign; and he reigned three months in Jerusalem. And his mother’s name was Hamutal, the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.
Genesis 50:21	Now therefore fear you not: I will nourish you, and your little ones. And he comforted them, and spoke kindly to them.
James 1:26	If any man among you seem to be religious, and bridles not his tongue, but deceives his own heart, this man’s religion is vain.
Hebrews 9:24	For Christ is not entered into the holy places made with hands, which are the figures of the true; but into heaven itself, now to appear in the presence of God for us:
Psalm 15:3	He that backbites not with his tongue, nor does evil to his neighbor, nor takes up a reproach against his neighbor.
Galatians 1:7	Which is not another; but there be some that trouble you, and would pervert the gospel of Christ.
Isaiah 2:1	The word that Isaiah the son of Amoz saw concerning Judah and Jerusalem.
Isaiah 15:6	For the waters of Nimrim shall be desolate: for the hay is withered away, the grass fails, there is no green thing.
Proverbs 8:14	Counsel is mine, and sound wisdom: I am understanding; I have strength.
Exodus 21:9	And if he have betrothed her to his son, he shall deal with her after the manner of daughters.
Mark 1:29	And immediately, when they were come out of the synagogue, they entered into the house of Simon and Andrew, with James and John.
Numbers 21:13	From there they removed, and pitched on the other side of Arnon, which is in the wilderness that comes out of the coasts of the Amorites: for Arnon is the border of Moab, between Moab and the Amorites.
Genesis 48:21	And Israel said to Joseph, Behold, I die: but God shall be with you, and bring you again to the land of your fathers.
1 Chronicles 25:15	The eighth to Jeshaiah, he, his sons, and his brothers, were twelve:
Galatians 1:22	And was unknown by face to the churches of Judaea which were in Christ:
Isaiah 59:16	And he saw that there was no man, and wondered that there was no intercessor: therefore his arm brought salvation to him; and his righteousness, it sustained him.
2 Kings 2:22	So the waters were healed to this day, according to the saying of Elisha which he spoke.
Psalm 49:9	That he should still live for ever, and not see corruption.
Exodus 29:32	And Aaron and his sons shall eat the flesh of the ram, and the bread that is in the basket by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Psalm 91:7	A thousand shall fall at your side, and ten thousand at your right hand; but it shall not come near you.
Leviticus 26:15	And if you shall despise my statutes, or if your soul abhor my judgments, so that you will not do all my commandments, but that you break my covenant:
Deuteronomy 30:19	I call heaven and earth to record this day against you, that I have set before you life and death, blessing and cursing: therefore choose life, that both you and your seed may live:
Psalm 113:3	From the rising of the sun to the going down of the same the LORD’s name is to be praised.
Exodus 27:19	All the vessels of the tabernacle in all the service thereof, and all the pins thereof, and all the pins of the court, shall be of brass.
Job 32:21	Let me not, I pray you, accept any man’s person, neither let me give flattering titles to man.
Isaiah 16:11	Why my bowels shall sound like an harp for Moab, and my inward parts for Kirharesh.
Ezekiel 28:1	The word of the LORD came again to me, saying,
Job 29:23	And they waited for me as for the rain; and they opened their mouth wide as for the latter rain.
2 Kings 4:14	And he said, What then is to be done for her? And Gehazi answered, Truly she has no child, and her husband is old.
1 Timothy 5:12	Having damnation, because they have cast off their first faith.
Jeremiah 35:19	Therefore thus said the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Jonadab the son of Rechab shall not want a man to stand before me for ever.
Luke 10:39	And she had a sister called Mary, which also sat at Jesus’ feet, and heard his word.
Zephaniah 3:17	The LORD your God in the middle of you is mighty; he will save, he will rejoice over you with joy; he will rest in his love, he will joy over you with singing.
John 3:34	For he whom God has sent speaks the words of God: for God gives not the Spirit by measure to him.
Psalm 119:172	My tongue shall speak of your word: for all your commandments are righteousness.
Amos 6:10	And a man’s uncle shall take him up, and he that burns him, to bring out the bones out of the house, and shall say to him that is by the sides of the house, Is there yet any with you? and he shall say, No. Then shall he say, Hold your tongue: for we may not make mention of the name of the LORD.
Genesis 40:14	But think on me when it shall be well with you, and show kindness, I pray you, to me, and make mention of me to Pharaoh, and bring me out of this house:
1 Corinthians 7:9	But if they cannot contain, let them marry: for it is better to marry than to burn.
Proverbs 8:25	Before the mountains were settled, before the hills was I brought forth:
1 Samuel 12:1	And Samuel said to all Israel, Behold, I have listened to your voice in all that you said to me, and have made a king over you.
2 Chronicles 18:28	So the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah went up to Ramothgilead.
Luke 22:47	And while he yet spoke, behold a multitude, and he that was called Judas, one of the twelve, went before them, and drew near to Jesus to kiss him.
2 Chronicles 23:9	Moreover Jehoiada the priest delivered to the captains of hundreds spears, and bucklers, and shields, that had been king David’s, which were in the house of God.
Ephesians 5:2	And walk in love, as Christ also has loved us, and has given himself for us an offering and a sacrifice to God for a sweet smelling smell.
Luke 11:22	But when a stronger than he shall come on him, and overcome him, he takes from him all his armor wherein he trusted, and divides his spoils.
Matthew 8:1	When he was come down from the mountain, great multitudes followed him.
2 Kings 19:17	Of a truth, LORD, the kings of Assyria have destroyed the nations and their lands,
1 Kings 1:21	Otherwise it shall come to pass, when my lord the king shall sleep with his fathers, that I and my son Solomon shall be counted offenders.
Ezekiel 10:4	Then the glory of the LORD went up from the cherub, and stood over the threshold of the house; and the house was filled with the cloud, and the court was full of the brightness of the LORD’s glory.
2 Chronicles 16:4	And Benhadad listened to king Asa, and sent the captains of his armies against the cities of Israel; and they smote Ijon, and Dan, and Abelmaim, and all the store cities of Naphtali.
Ezra 6:8	Moreover I make a decree what you shall do to the elders of these Jews for the building of this house of God: that of the king’s goods, even of the tribute beyond the river, immediately expenses be given to these men, that they be not hindered.
Acts 20:5	These going before tarried for us at Troas.
Psalm 35:27	Let them shout for joy, and be glad, that favor my righteous cause: yes, let them say continually, Let the LORD be magnified, which has pleasure in the prosperity of his servant.
Mark 14:40	And when he returned, he found them asleep again, (for their eyes were heavy,) neither knew they what to answer him.
John 1:18	No man has seen God at any time, the only begotten Son, which is in the bosom of the Father, he has declared him.
Romans 8:12	Therefore, brothers, we are debtors, not to the flesh, to live after the flesh.
Genesis 20:1	And Abraham journeyed from there toward the south country, and dwelled between Kadesh and Shur, and sojourned in Gerar.
Deuteronomy 15:4	Save when there shall be no poor among you; for the LORD shall greatly bless you in the land which the LORD your God gives you for an inheritance to possess it:
Psalm 95:1	O come, let us sing to the LORD: let us make a joyful noise to the rock of our salvation.
John 13:27	And after the sop Satan entered into him. Then said Jesus to him, That you do, do quickly.
Nehemiah 10:34	And we cast the lots among the priests, the Levites, and the people, for the wood offering, to bring it into the house of our God, after the houses of our fathers, at times appointed year by year, to burn on the altar of the LORD our God, as it is written in the law:
Numbers 13:18	And see the land, what it is, and the people that dwells therein, whether they be strong or weak, few or many;
Colossians 3:22	Servants, obey in all things your masters according to the flesh; not with eye-service, as men pleasers; but in singleness of heart, fearing God;
Mark 5:6	But when he saw Jesus afar off, he ran and worshipped him,
1 John 5:13	These things have I written to you that believe on the name of the Son of God; that you may know that you have eternal life, and that you may believe on the name of the Son of God.
2 Chronicles 7:19	But if you turn away, and forsake my statutes and my commandments, which I have set before you, and shall go and serve other gods, and worship them;
1 Samuel 20:26	Nevertheless Saul spoke not any thing that day: for he thought, Something has befallen him, he is not clean; surely he is not clean.
Matthew 24:48	But and if that evil servant shall say in his heart, My lord delays his coming;
2 Samuel 14:30	Therefore he said to his servants, See, Joab’s field is near mine, and he has barley there; go and set it on fire. And Absalom’s servants set the field on fire.
Galatians 4:16	Am I therefore become your enemy, because I tell you the truth?
Proverbs 27:14	He that blesses his friend with a loud voice, rising early in the morning, it shall be counted a curse to him.
Jeremiah 39:10	But Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard left of the poor of the people, which had nothing, in the land of Judah, and gave them vineyards and fields at the same time.
Luke 23:12	And the same day Pilate and Herod were made friends together: for before they were at enmity between themselves.
Leviticus 15:20	And every thing that she lies on in her separation shall be unclean: every thing also that she sits on shall be unclean.
1 Chronicles 6:8	And Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Ahimaaz,
Nehemiah 9:21	Yes, forty years did you sustain them in the wilderness, so that they lacked nothing; their clothes waxed not old, and their feet swelled not.
Ezekiel 23:14	And that she increased her prostitutions: for when she saw men portrayed on the wall, the images of the Chaldeans portrayed with vermilion,
Deuteronomy 2:1	Then we turned, and took our journey into the wilderness by the way of the Red sea, as the LORD spoke to me: and we compassed mount Seir many days.
Job 16:1	Then Job answered and said,
Job 35:14	Although you say you shall not see him, yet judgment is before him; therefore trust you in him.
Job 3:25	For the thing which I greatly feared is come on me, and that which I was afraid of is come to me.
1 Corinthians 1:15	Lest any should say that I had baptized in my own name.
Job 38:24	By what way is the light parted, which scatters the east wind on the earth?
2 Samuel 5:6	And the king and his men went to Jerusalem to the Jebusites, the inhabitants of the land: which spoke to David, saying, Except you take away the blind and the lame, you shall not come in here: thinking, David cannot come in here.
Isaiah 11:3	And shall make him of quick understanding in the fear of the LORD: and he shall not judge after the sight of his eyes, neither reprove after the hearing of his ears:
2 Samuel 18:15	And ten young men that bore Joab’s armor compassed about and smote Absalom, and slew him.
Leviticus 9:13	And they presented the burnt offering to him, with the pieces thereof, and the head: and he burnt them on the altar.
Genesis 18:23	And Abraham drew near, and said, Will you also destroy the righteous with the wicked?
Psalm 149:2	Let Israel rejoice in him that made him: let the children of Zion be joyful in their King.
2 Samuel 18:4	And the king said to them, What seems you best I will do. And the king stood by the gate side, and all the people came out by hundreds and by thousands.
Joshua 1:10	Then Joshua commanded the officers of the people, saying,
Habakkuk 2:18	What profits the graven image that the maker thereof has graven it; the molten image, and a teacher of lies, that the maker of his work trusts therein, to make dumb idols?
2 Samuel 19:38	And the king answered, Chimham shall go over with me, and I will do to him that which shall seem good to you: and whatever you shall require of me, that will I do for you.
1 Corinthians 7:4	The wife has not power of her own body, but the husband: and likewise also the husband has not power of his own body, but the wife.
Exodus 12:43	And the LORD said to Moses and Aaron, This is the ordinance of the passover: There shall no stranger eat thereof:
Leviticus 6:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Genesis 35:24	The sons of Rachel; Joseph, and Benjamin:
Psalm 20:8	They are brought down and fallen: but we are risen, and stand upright.
Romans 6:22	But now being made free from sin, and become servants to God, you have your fruit to holiness, and the end everlasting life.
Proverbs 26:13	The slothful man said, There is a lion in the way; a lion is in the streets.
Deuteronomy 29:7	And when you came to this place, Sihon the king of Heshbon, and Og the king of Bashan, came out against us to battle, and we smote them:
Jeremiah 41:17	And they departed, and dwelled in the habitation of Chimham, which is by Bethlehem, to go to enter into Egypt,
Job 10:22	A land of darkness, as darkness itself; and of the shadow of death, without any order, and where the light is as darkness.
Luke 12:4	And I say to you my friends, Be not afraid of them that kill the body, and after that have no more that they can do.
Luke 15:28	And he was angry, and would not go in: therefore came his father out, and entreated him.
2 Thessalonians 1:6	Seeing it is a righteous thing with God to recompense tribulation to them that trouble you;
Leviticus 8:15	And he slew it; and Moses took the blood, and put it on the horns of the altar round about with his finger, and purified the altar, and poured the blood at the bottom of the altar, and sanctified it, to make reconciliation on it.
Psalm 35:21	Yes, they opened their mouth wide against me, and said, Aha, aha, our eye has seen it.
Numbers 22:20	And God came to Balaam at night, and said to him, If the men come to call you, rise up, and go with them; but yet the word which I shall say to you, that shall you do.
Isaiah 34:7	And the unicorns shall come down with them, and the bullocks with the bulls; and their land shall be soaked with blood, and their dust made fat with fatness.
Matthew 23:2	Saying The scribes and the Pharisees sit in Moses’ seat:
2 Kings 11:6	And a third part shall be at the gate of Sur; and a third part at the gate behind the guard: so shall you keep the watch of the house, that it be not broken down.
1 Chronicles 11:11	And this is the number of the mighty men whom David had; Jashobeam, an Hachmonite, the chief of the captains: he lifted up his spear against three hundred slain by him at one time.
2 Samuel 4:11	How much more, when wicked men have slain a righteous person in his own house on his bed? shall I not therefore now require his blood of your hand, and take you away from the earth?
1 Kings 1:17	And she said to him, My lord, you swore by the LORD your God to your handmaid, saying, Assuredly Solomon your son shall reign after me, and he shall sit on my throne.
Luke 23:28	But Jesus turning to them said, Daughters of Jerusalem, weep not for me, but weep for yourselves, and for your children.
2 Chronicles 1:15	And the king made silver and gold at Jerusalem as plenteous as stones, and cedar trees made he as the sycomore trees that are in the vale for abundance.
Genesis 38:25	When she was brought forth, she sent to her father in law, saying, By the man, whose these are, am I with child: and she said, Discern, I pray you, whose are these, the signet, and bracelets, and staff.
Ezekiel 17:17	Neither shall Pharaoh with his mighty army and great company make for him in the war, by casting up mounts, and building forts, to cut off many persons:
Deuteronomy 32:9	For the LORD’s portion is his people; Jacob is the lot of his inheritance.
Jeremiah 44:25	Thus said the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, saying; You and your wives have both spoken with your mouths, and fulfilled with your hand, saying, We will surely perform our vows that we have vowed, to burn incense to the queen of heaven, and to pour out drink offerings to her: you will surely accomplish your vows, and surely perform your vows.
Matthew 2:10	When they saw the star, they rejoiced with exceeding great joy.
1 Kings 19:13	And it was so, when Elijah heard it, that he wrapped his face in his mantle, and went out, and stood in the entering in of the cave. And, behold, there came a voice to him, and said, What do you here, Elijah?
Exodus 6:10	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
2 Corinthians 9:7	Every man according as he purposes in his heart, so let him give; not grudgingly, or of necessity: for God loves a cheerful giver.
Exodus 4:4	And the LORD said to Moses, Put forth your hand, and take it by the tail. And he put forth his hand, and caught it, and it became a rod in his hand:
Acts 8:10	To whom they all gave heed, from the least to the greatest, saying, This man is the great power of God.
Deuteronomy 32:6	Do you thus requite the LORD, O foolish people and unwise? is not he your father that has bought you? has he not made you, and established you?
Judges 13:22	And Manoah said to his wife, We shall surely die, because we have seen God.
Ezekiel 24:9	Therefore thus said the Lord GOD; Woe to the bloody city! I will even make the pile for fire great.
Isaiah 59:1	Behold, the LORD’s hand is not shortened, that it cannot save; neither his ear heavy, that it cannot hear:
Nehemiah 7:8	The children of Parosh, two thousand an hundred seventy and two.
Numbers 6:15	And a basket of unleavened bread, cakes of fine flour mingled with oil, and wafers of unleavened bread anointed with oil, and their meat offering, and their drink offerings.
Obadiah 1:1	The vision of Obadiah. Thus said the Lord GOD concerning Edom; We have heard a rumor from the LORD, and an ambassador is sent among the heathen, Arise you, and let us rise up against her in battle.
1 John 4:14	And we have seen and do testify that the Father sent the Son to be the Savior of the world.
Lamentations 3:19	Remembering my affliction and my misery, the wormwood and the gall.
Matthew 24:51	And shall cut him asunder, and appoint him his portion with the hypocrites: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.
2 John 1:12	Having many things to write to you, I would not write with paper and ink: but I trust to come to you, and speak face to face, that our joy may be full.
Lamentations 5:13	They took the young men to grind, and the children fell under the wood.
Numbers 24:6	As the valleys are they spread forth, as gardens by the river’s side, as the trees of lign aloes which the LORD has planted, and as cedar trees beside the waters.
Luke 17:3	Take heed to yourselves: If your brother trespass against you, rebuke him; and if he repent, forgive him.
Psalm 43:4	Then will I go to the altar of God, to God my exceeding joy: yes, on the harp will I praise you, O God my God.
Revelation 12:1	And there appeared a great wonder in heaven; a woman clothed with the sun, and the moon under her feet, and on her head a crown of twelve stars:
Numbers 22:6	Come now therefore, I pray you, curse me this people; for they are too mighty for me: peradventure I shall prevail, that we may smite them, and that I may drive them out of the land: for I know that he whom you bless is blessed, and he whom you curse is cursed.
1 Samuel 10:5	After that you shall come to the hill of God, where is the garrison of the Philistines: and it shall come to pass, when you are come thither to the city, that you shall meet a company of prophets coming down from the high place with a psaltery, and a tabret, and a pipe, and a harp, before them; and they shall prophesy:
Psalm 106:32	They angered him also at the waters of strife, so that it went ill with Moses for their sakes:
1 Kings 3:26	Then spoke the woman whose the living child was to the king, for her bowels yearned on her son, and she said, O my lord, give her the living child, and in no wise slay it. But the other said, Let it be neither my nor yours, but divide it.
1 John 4:4	You are of God, little children, and have overcome them: because greater is he that is in you, than he that is in the world.
1 Corinthians 11:7	For a man indeed ought not to cover his head, for as much as he is the image and glory of God: but the woman is the glory of the man.
1 Samuel 3:3	And ere the lamp of God went out in the temple of the LORD, where the ark of God was, and Samuel was laid down to sleep;
2 Peter 3:14	Why, beloved, seeing that you look for such things, be diligent that you may be found of him in peace, without spot, and blameless.
Numbers 7:22	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
Joshua 22:1	Then Joshua called the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half tribe of Manasseh,
1 Kings 20:40	And as your servant was busy here and there, he was gone. And the king of Israel said to him, So shall your judgment be; yourself have decided it.
Luke 24:28	And they drew near to the village, where they went: and he made as though he would have gone further.
Matthew 24:45	Who then is a faithful and wise servant, whom his lord has made ruler over his household, to give them meat in due season?
Proverbs 5:16	Let your fountains be dispersed abroad, and rivers of waters in the streets.
Numbers 32:25	And the children of Gad and the children of Reuben spoke to Moses, saying, Your servants will do as my lord commands.
Jude 1:11	Woe to them! for they have gone in the way of Cain, and ran greedily after the error of Balaam for reward, and perished in the gainsaying of Core.
Zephaniah 3:1	Woe to her that is filthy and polluted, to the oppressing city!
Judges 15:4	And Samson went and caught three hundred foxes, and took firebrands, and turned tail to tail, and put a firebrand in the middle between two tails.
Genesis 46:19	The sons of Rachel Jacob’s wife; Joseph, and Benjamin.
1 Kings 15:21	And it came to pass, when Baasha heard thereof, that he left off building of Ramah, and dwelled in Tirzah.
2 Kings 13:2	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, and followed the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, which made Israel to sin; he departed not therefrom.
Mark 11:24	Therefore I say to you, What things soever you desire, when you pray, believe that you receive them, and you shall have them.
Joshua 7:15	And it shall be, that he that is taken with the accursed thing shall be burnt with fire, he and all that he has: because he has transgressed the covenant of the LORD, and because he has worked folly in Israel.
Ezra 7:26	And whoever will not do the law of your God, and the law of the king, let judgment be executed speedily on him, whether it be to death, or to banishment, or to confiscation of goods, or to imprisonment.
Acts 7:4	Then came he out of the land of the Chaldaeans, and dwelled in Charran: and from there, when his father was dead, he removed him into this land, wherein you now dwell.
John 10:21	Others said, These are not the words of him that has a devil. Can a devil open the eyes of the blind?
2 John 1:8	Look to yourselves, that we lose not those things which we have worked, but that we receive a full reward.
Genesis 15:19	The Kenites, and the Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites,
Isaiah 24:11	There is a crying for wine in the streets; all joy is darkened, the mirth of the land is gone.
Joshua 22:16	Thus said the whole congregation of the LORD, What trespass is this that you have committed against the God of Israel, to turn away this day from following the LORD, in that you have built you an altar, that you might rebel this day against the LORD?
2 Kings 23:22	Surely there was not held such a passover from the days of the judges that judged Israel, nor in all the days of the kings of Israel, nor of the kings of Judah;
Acts 17:32	And when they heard of the resurrection of the dead, some mocked: and others said, We will hear you again of this matter.
Leviticus 3:16	And the priest shall burn them on the altar: it is the food of the offering made by fire for a sweet smell: all the fat is the LORD’s.
2 Corinthians 11:6	But though I be rude in speech, yet not in knowledge; but we have been thoroughly made manifest among you in all things.
Revelation 16:15	Behold, I come as a thief. Blessed is he that watches, and keeps his garments, lest he walk naked, and they see his shame.
Psalm 4:8	I will both lay me down in peace, and sleep: for you, LORD, only make me dwell in safety.
Romans 11:4	But what said the answer of God to him? I have reserved to myself seven thousand men, who have not bowed the knee to the image of Baal.
1 Corinthians 14:10	There are, it may be, so many kinds of voices in the world, and none of them is without signification.
2 Samuel 16:17	And Absalom said to Hushai, Is this your kindness to your friend? why went you not with your friend?
1 Thessalonians 2:19	For what is our hope, or joy, or crown of rejoicing? Are not even you in the presence of our Lord Jesus Christ at his coming?
Galatians 2:14	But when I saw that they walked not uprightly according to the truth of the gospel, I said to Peter before them all, If you, being a Jew, live after the manner of Gentiles, and not as do the Jews, why compel you the Gentiles to live as do the Jews?
Psalm 84:7	They go from strength to strength, every one of them in Zion appears before God.
Isaiah 21:13	The burden on Arabia. In the forest in Arabia shall you lodge, O you traveling companies of Dedanim.
Psalm 36:7	How excellent is your loving kindness, O God! therefore the children of men put their trust under the shadow of your wings.
Judges 11:1	Now Jephthah the Gileadite was a mighty man of valor, and he was the son of an harlot: and Gilead begat Jephthah.
Genesis 24:9	And the servant put his hand under the thigh of Abraham his master, and swore to him concerning that matter.
Psalm 71:21	You shall increase my greatness, and comfort me on every side.
Psalm 119:58	I entreated your favor with my whole heart: be merciful to me according to your word.
Mark 2:21	No man also sews a piece of new cloth on an old garment: else the new piece that filled it up takes away from the old, and the rent is made worse.
Job 9:22	This is one thing, therefore I said it, He destroys the perfect and the wicked.
Acts 23:32	On the morrow they left the horsemen to go with him, and returned to the castle:
Amos 9:7	Are you not as children of the Ethiopians to me, O children of Israel? said the LORD. Have not I brought up Israel out of the land of Egypt? and the Philistines from Caphtor, and the Syrians from Kir?
Zephaniah 1:8	And it shall come to pass in the day of the LORD’s sacrifice, that I will punish the princes, and the king’s children, and all such as are clothed with strange apparel.
Psalm 72:3	The mountains shall bring peace to the people, and the little hills, by righteousness.
Nehemiah 12:41	And the priests; Eliakim, Maaseiah, Miniamin, Michaiah, Elioenai, Zechariah, and Hananiah, with trumpets;
2 Kings 9:17	And there stood a watchman on the tower in Jezreel, and he spied the company of Jehu as he came, and said, I see a company. And Joram said, Take an horseman, and send to meet them, and let him say, Is it peace?
1 Kings 13:13	And he said to his sons, Saddle me the ass. So they saddled him the ass: and he rode thereon,
Jeremiah 23:11	For both prophet and priest are profane; yes, in my house have I found their wickedness, said the LORD.
Exodus 14:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Jeremiah 2:28	But where are your gods that you have made you? let them arise, if they can save you in the time of your trouble: for according to the number of your cities are your gods, O Judah.
Psalm 114:3	The sea saw it, and fled: Jordan was driven back.
Ezra 1:3	Who is there among you of all his people? his God be with him, and let him go up to Jerusalem, which is in Judah, and build the house of the LORD God of Israel, (he is the God,) which is in Jerusalem.
2 Kings 19:21	This is the word that the LORD has spoken concerning him; The virgin the daughter of Zion has despised you, and laughed you to scorn; the daughter of Jerusalem has shaken her head at you.
Malachi 4:5	Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the LORD:
Proverbs 31:10	Who can find a virtuous woman? for her price is far above rubies.
Job 36:29	Also can any understand the spreading of the clouds, or the noise of his tabernacle?
Leviticus 2:10	And that which is left of the meat offering shall be Aaron’s and his sons’: it is a thing most holy of the offerings of the LORD made by fire.
Psalm 17:14	From men which are your hand, O LORD, from men of the world, which have their portion in this life, and whose belly you fill with your hid treasure: they are full of children, and leave the rest of their substance to their babes.
James 1:16	Do not err, my beloved brothers.
Lamentations 1:16	For these things I weep; my eye, my eye runs down with water, because the comforter that should relieve my soul is far from me: my children are desolate, because the enemy prevailed.
2 Corinthians 13:8	For we can do nothing against the truth, but for the truth.
John 12:26	If any man serve me, let him follow me; and where I am, there shall also my servant be: if any man serve me, him will my Father honor.
Isaiah 66:10	Rejoice you with Jerusalem, and be glad with her, all you that love her: rejoice for joy with her, all you that mourn for her:
Judges 9:33	And it shall be, that in the morning, as soon as the sun is up, you shall rise early, and set on the city: and, behold, when he and the people that is with him come out against you, then may you do to them as you shall find occasion.
Jeremiah 33:19	And the word of the LORD came to Jeremiah, saying,
2 Chronicles 16:12	And Asa in the thirty and ninth year of his reign was diseased in his feet, until his disease was exceeding great: yet in his disease he sought not to the LORD, but to the physicians.
Song of Solomon 4:12	A garden enclosed is my sister, my spouse; a spring shut up, a fountain sealed.
Luke 10:27	And he answering said, You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your strength, and with all your mind; and your neighbor as yourself.
Leviticus 25:8	And you shall number seven sabbaths of years to you, seven times seven years; and the space of the seven sabbaths of years shall be to you forty and nine years.
2 Chronicles 9:11	And the king made of the algum trees terraces to the house of the LORD, and to the king’s palace, and harps and psalteries for singers: and there were none such seen before in the land of Judah.
Job 30:14	They came on me as a wide breaking in of waters: in the desolation they rolled themselves on me.
1 Timothy 1:11	According to the glorious gospel of the blessed God, which was committed to my trust.
Mark 3:28	Truly I say to you, All sins shall be forgiven to the sons of men, and blasphemies with which soever they shall blaspheme:
2 Samuel 18:6	So the people went out into the field against Israel: and the battle was in the wood of Ephraim;
Genesis 11:8	So the LORD scattered them abroad from there on the face of all the earth: and they left off to build the city.
Numbers 19:16	And whoever touches one that is slain with a sword in the open fields, or a dead body, or a bone of a man, or a grave, shall be unclean seven days.
3 John 1:5	Beloved, you do faithfully whatever you do to the brothers, and to strangers;
Matthew 21:44	And whoever shall fall on this stone shall be broken: but on whomsoever it shall fall, it will grind him to powder.
Luke 1:73	The oath which he swore to our father Abraham,
Daniel 5:22	And you his son, O Belshazzar, have not humbled your heart, though you knew all this;
Leviticus 11:34	Of all meat which may be eaten, that on which such water comes shall be unclean: and all drink that may be drunk in every such vessel shall be unclean.
Deuteronomy 4:43	Namely, Bezer in the wilderness, in the plain country, of the Reubenites; and Ramoth in Gilead, of the Gadites; and Golan in Bashan, of the Manassites.
Psalm 34:11	Come, you children, listen to me: I will teach you the fear of the LORD.
Deuteronomy 1:14	And you answered me, and said, The thing which you have spoken is good for us to do.
Deuteronomy 18:12	For all that do these things are an abomination to the LORD: and because of these abominations the LORD your God does drive them out from before you.
John 6:12	When they were filled, he said to his disciples, Gather up the fragments that remain, that nothing be lost.
1 Chronicles 8:2	Nohah the fourth, and Rapha the fifth.
Ezekiel 7:13	For the seller shall not return to that which is sold, although they were yet alive: for the vision is touching the whole multitude thereof, which shall not return; neither shall any strengthen himself in the iniquity of his life.
Judges 20:25	And Benjamin went forth against them out of Gibeah the second day, and destroyed down to the ground of the children of Israel again eighteen thousand men; all these drew the sword.
Genesis 29:21	And Jacob said to Laban, Give me my wife, for my days are fulfilled, that I may go in to her.
Psalm 129:6	Let them be as the grass on the housetops, which wither before it grows up:
Romans 16:8	Greet Amplias my beloved in the Lord.
Psalm 119:91	They continue this day according to your ordinances: for all are your servants.
Isaiah 3:21	The rings, and nose jewels,
Job 22:8	But as for the mighty man, he had the earth; and the honorable man dwelled in it.
1 Kings 7:11	And above were costly stones, after the measures of hewed stones, and cedars.
Job 39:13	Gave you the goodly wings to the peacocks? or wings and feathers to the ostrich?
2 Chronicles 21:1	Now Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David. And Jehoram his son reigned in his stead.
Matthew 8:31	So the devils sought him, saying, If you cast us out, suffer us to go away into the herd of swine.
Proverbs 11:11	By the blessing of the upright the city is exalted: but it is overthrown by the mouth of the wicked.
Matthew 22:22	When they had heard these words, they marveled, and left him, and went their way.
Zechariah 11:17	Woe to the idol shepherd that leaves the flock! the sword shall be on his arm, and on his right eye: his arm shall be clean dried up, and his right eye shall be utterly darkened.
Numbers 7:73	His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:
Lamentations 3:29	He puts his mouth in the dust; if so be there may be hope.
Proverbs 22:13	The slothful man said, There is a lion without, I shall be slain in the streets.
Jeremiah 32:19	Great in counsel, and mighty in work: for your eyes are open on all the ways of the sons of men: to give every one according to his ways, and according to the fruit of his doings:
1 John 2:7	Brothers, I write no new commandment to you, but an old commandment which you had from the beginning. The old commandment is the word which you have heard from the beginning.
Jeremiah 37:8	And the Chaldeans shall come again, and fight against this city, and take it, and burn it with fire.
2 Samuel 15:30	And David went up by the ascent of mount Olivet, and wept as he went up, and had his head covered, and he went barefoot: and all the people that was with him covered every man his head, and they went up, weeping as they went up.
Proverbs 17:5	Whoever mocks the poor reproaches his Maker: and he that is glad at calamities shall not be unpunished.
Exodus 28:21	And the stones shall be with the names of the children of Israel, twelve, according to their names, like the engravings of a signet; every one with his name shall they be according to the twelve tribes.
Isaiah 5:8	Woe to them that join house to house, that lay field to field, till there be no place, that they may be placed alone in the middle of the earth!
Exodus 9:8	And the LORD said to Moses and to Aaron, Take to you handfuls of ashes of the furnace, and let Moses sprinkle it toward the heaven in the sight of Pharaoh.
Luke 8:13	They on the rock are they, which, when they hear, receive the word with joy; and these have no root, which for a while believe, and in time of temptation fall away.
Deuteronomy 26:11	And you shall rejoice in every good thing which the LORD your God has given to you, and to your house, you, and the Levite, and the stranger that is among you.
Micah 6:6	With which shall I come before the LORD, and bow myself before the high God? shall I come before him with burnt offerings, with calves of a year old?
Psalm 115:3	But our God is in the heavens: he has done whatever he has pleased.
Psalm 5:1	Give ear to my words, O LORD, consider my meditation.
Isaiah 5:10	Yes, ten acres of vineyard shall yield one bath, and the seed of an homer shall yield an ephah.
Jeremiah 10:12	He has made the earth by his power, he has established the world by his wisdom, and has stretched out the heavens by his discretion.
Ezekiel 3:5	For you are not sent to a people of a strange speech and of an hard language, but to the house of Israel;
Jeremiah 50:7	All that found them have devoured them: and their adversaries said, We offend not, because they have sinned against the LORD, the habitation of justice, even the LORD, the hope of their fathers.
Judges 9:34	And Abimelech rose up, and all the people that were with him, by night, and they laid wait against Shechem in four companies.
1 Samuel 9:11	And as they went up the hill to the city, they found young maidens going out to draw water, and said to them, Is the seer here?
Ecclesiastes 10:16	Woe to you, O land, when your king is a child, and your princes eat in the morning!
Psalm 142:5	I cried to you, O LORD: I said, You are my refuge and my portion in the land of the living.
Exodus 35:26	And all the women whose heart stirred them up in wisdom spun goats’ hair.
Ephesians 1:2	Grace be to you, and peace, from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.
Ruth 1:4	And they took them wives of the women of Moab; the name of the one was Orpah, and the name of the other Ruth: and they dwelled there about ten years.
Psalm 102:7	I watch, and am as a sparrow alone on the house top.
Jeremiah 49:25	How is the city of praise not left, the city of my joy!
Acts 2:17	And it shall come to pass in the last days, said God, I will pour out of my Spirit on all flesh: and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams:
Exodus 15:24	And the people murmured against Moses, saying, What shall we drink?
Isaiah 41:21	Produce your cause, said the LORD; bring forth your strong reasons, said the King of Jacob.
Leviticus 2:13	And every oblation of your meat offering shall you season with salt; neither shall you suffer the salt of the covenant of your God to be lacking from your meat offering: with all your offerings you shall offer salt.
1 Samuel 18:14	And David behaved himself wisely in all his ways; and the LORD was with him.
Galatians 5:14	For all the law is fulfilled in one word, even in this; You shall love your neighbor as yourself.
Luke 11:12	Or if he shall ask an egg, will he offer him a scorpion?
Ezekiel 20:12	Moreover also I gave them my sabbaths, to be a sign between me and them, that they might know that I am the LORD that sanctify them.
2 Samuel 17:15	Then said Hushai to Zadok and to Abiathar the priests, Thus and thus did Ahithophel counsel Absalom and the elders of Israel; and thus and thus have I counceled.
Numbers 19:5	And one shall burn the heifer in his sight; her skin, and her flesh, and her blood, with her dung, shall he burn:
Joshua 5:5	Now all the people that came out were circumcised: but all the people that were born in the wilderness by the way as they came forth out of Egypt, them they had not circumcised.
Jeremiah 16:7	Neither shall men tear themselves for them in mourning, to comfort them for the dead; neither shall men give them the cup of consolation to drink for their father or for their mother.
1 Chronicles 15:23	And Berechiah and Elkanah were doorkeepers for the ark.
Acts 5:5	And Ananias hearing these words fell down, and gave up the ghost: and great fear came on all them that heard these things.
Mark 3:9	And he spoke to his disciples, that a small ship should wait on him because of the multitude, lest they should throng him.
Acts 13:44	And the next sabbath day came almost the whole city together to hear the word of God.
Luke 7:27	This is he, of whom it is written, Behold, I send my messenger before your face, which shall prepare your way before you.
John 4:37	And herein is that saying true, One sows, and another reaps.
Luke 5:33	And they said to him, Why do the disciples of John fast often, and make prayers, and likewise the disciples of the Pharisees; but your eat and drink?
Joshua 11:6	And the LORD said to Joshua, Be not afraid because of them: for to morrow about this time will I deliver them up all slain before Israel: you shall hamstring their horses, and burn their chariots with fire.
1 Corinthians 7:21	Are you called being a servant? care not for it: but if you may be made free, use it rather.
Proverbs 7:27	Her house is the way to hell, going down to the chambers of death.
Numbers 35:5	And you shall measure from without the city on the east side two thousand cubits, and on the south side two thousand cubits, and on the west side two thousand cubits, and on the north side two thousand cubits; and the city shall be in the middle: this shall be to them the suburbs of the cities.
1 Chronicles 19:11	And the rest of the people he delivered to the hand of Abishai his brother, and they set themselves in array against the children of Ammon.
Judges 14:8	And after a time he returned to take her, and he turned aside to see the carcass of the lion: and, behold, there was a swarm of bees and honey in the carcass of the lion.
Luke 19:27	But those my enemies, which would not that I should reign over them, bring here, and slay them before me.
Romans 15:4	For whatever things were written aforetime were written for our learning, that we through patience and comfort of the scriptures might have hope.
Isaiah 29:13	Why the Lord said, For as much as this people draw near me with their mouth, and with their lips do honor me, but have removed their heart far from me, and their fear toward me is taught by the precept of men:
Isaiah 47:9	But these two things shall come to you in a moment in one day, the loss of children, and widowhood: they shall come on you in their perfection for the multitude of your sorceries, and for the great abundance of your enchantments.
Nahum 1:13	For now will I break his yoke from off you, and will burst your bonds in sunder.
Deuteronomy 6:7	And you shall teach them diligently to your children, and shall talk of them when you sit in your house, and when you walk by the way, and when you lie down, and when you rise up.
Ezekiel 20:36	Like as I pleaded with your fathers in the wilderness of the land of Egypt, so will I plead with you, said the Lord GOD.
Jeremiah 49:8	Flee you, turn back, dwell deep, O inhabitants of Dedan; for I will bring the calamity of Esau on him, the time that I will visit him.
Genesis 2:15	And the LORD God took the man, and put him into the garden of Eden to dress it and to keep it.
1 Chronicles 9:20	And Phinehas the son of Eleazar was the ruler over them in time past, and the LORD was with him.
Acts 9:21	But all that heard him were amazed, and said; Is not this he that destroyed them which called on this name in Jerusalem, and came here for that intent, that he might bring them bound to the chief priests?
Psalm 104:33	I will sing to the LORD as long as I live: I will sing praise to my God while I have my being.
1 Samuel 20:2	And he said to him, God forbid; you shall not die: behold, my father will do nothing either great or small, but that he will show it me: and why should my father hide this thing from me? it is not so.
Acts 23:5	Then said Paul, I knew not, brothers, that he was the high priest: for it is written, You shall not speak evil of the ruler of your people.
Nehemiah 12:31	Then I brought up the princes of Judah on the wall, and appointed two great companies of them that gave thanks, whereof one went on the right hand on the wall toward the dung gate:
Matthew 8:8	The centurion answered and said, Lord, I am not worthy that you should come under my roof: but speak the word only, and my servant shall be healed.
Job 34:26	He strikes them as wicked men in the open sight of others;
Hosea 6:9	And as troops of robbers wait for a man, so the company of priests murder in the way by consent: for they commit lewdness.
Song of Solomon 1:1	The song of songs, which is Solomon’s.
Joshua 7:9	For the Canaanites and all the inhabitants of the land shall hear of it, and shall environ us round, and cut off our name from the earth: and what will you do to your great name?
1 Chronicles 11:25	Behold, he was honorable among the thirty, but attained not to the first three: and David set him over his guard.
2 Corinthians 11:30	If I must needs glory, I will glory of the things which concern my infirmities.
Matthew 4:24	And his fame went throughout all Syria: and they brought to him all sick people that were taken with divers diseases and torments, and those which were possessed with devils, and those which were lunatic, and those that had the palsy; and he healed them.
Luke 15:14	And when he had spent all, there arose a mighty famine in that land; and he began to be in want.
Lamentations 5:16	The crown is fallen from our head: woe to us, that we have sinned!
1 Samuel 13:23	And the garrison of the Philistines went out to the passage of Michmash.
Numbers 1:22	Of the children of Simeon, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, those that were numbered of them, according to the number of the names, by their polls, every male from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Job 15:7	Are you the first man that was born? or were you made before the hills?
Isaiah 34:17	And he has cast the lot for them, and his hand has divided it to them by line: they shall possess it for ever, from generation to generation shall they dwell therein.
1 Corinthians 6:11	And such were some of you: but you are washed, but you are sanctified, but you are justified in the name of the Lord Jesus, and by the Spirit of our God.
Genesis 25:21	And Isaac entreated the LORD for his wife, because she was barren: and the LORD was entreated of him, and Rebekah his wife conceived.
Luke 4:40	Now when the sun was setting, all they that had any sick with divers diseases brought them to him; and he laid his hands on every one of them, and healed them.
Jeremiah 14:13	Then said I, Ah, Lord GOD! behold, the prophets say to them, You shall not see the sword, neither shall you have famine; but I will give you assured peace in this place.
Deuteronomy 28:2	And all these blessings shall come on you, and overtake you, if you shall listen to the voice of the LORD your God.
Jeremiah 33:15	In those days, and at that time, will I cause the Branch of righteousness to grow up to David; and he shall execute judgment and righteousness in the land.
Jeremiah 52:30	In the three and twentieth year of Nebuchadrezzar Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried away captive of the Jews seven hundred forty and five persons: all the persons were four thousand and six hundred.
Job 3:6	As for that night, let darkness seize on it; let it not be joined to the days of the year, let it not come into the number of the months.
1 Peter 1:6	Wherein you greatly rejoice, though now for a season, if need be, you are in heaviness through manifold temptations:
Exodus 29:9	And you shall gird them with girdles, Aaron and his sons, and put the bonnets on them: and the priest’s office shall be theirs for a perpetual statute: and you shall consecrate Aaron and his sons.
1 Kings 20:23	And the servants of the king of Syria said to him, Their gods are gods of the hills; therefore they were stronger than we; but let us fight against them in the plain, and surely we shall be stronger than they.
Revelation 1:7	Behold, he comes with clouds; and every eye shall see him, and they also which pierced him: and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him. Even so, Amen.
Amos 5:15	Hate the evil, and love the good, and establish judgment in the gate: it may be that the LORD God of hosts will be gracious to the remnant of Joseph.
Proverbs 20:17	Bread of deceit is sweet to a man; but afterwards his mouth shall be filled with gravel.
Romans 6:14	For sin shall not have dominion over you: for you are not under the law, but under grace.
1 Chronicles 22:17	David also commanded all the princes of Israel to help Solomon his son, saying,
Luke 4:36	And they were all amazed, and spoke among themselves, saying, What a word is this! for with authority and power he commands the unclean spirits, and they come out.
Isaiah 10:17	And the light of Israel shall be for a fire, and his Holy One for a flame: and it shall burn and devour his thorns and his briers in one day;
1 Kings 13:33	After this thing Jeroboam returned not from his evil way, but made again of the lowest of the people priests of the high places: whoever would, he consecrated him, and he became one of the priests of the high places.
Hosea 11:9	I will not execute the fierceness of my anger, I will not return to destroy Ephraim: for I am God, and not man; the Holy One in the middle of you: and I will not enter into the city.
Jeremiah 12:9	My heritage is to me as a speckled bird, the birds round about are against her; come you, assemble all the beasts of the field, come to devour.
Hebrews 11:37	They were stoned, they were sawn asunder, were tempted, were slain with the sword: they wandered about in sheepskins and goatskins; being destitute, afflicted, tormented;
Judges 18:9	And they said, Arise, that we may go up against them: for we have seen the land, and, behold, it is very good: and are you still? be not slothful to go, and to enter to possess the land.
Job 37:9	Out of the south comes the whirlwind: and cold out of the north.
Exodus 36:37	And he made an hanging for the tabernacle door of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, of needlework;
Hosea 5:8	Blow you the cornet in Gibeah, and the trumpet in Ramah: cry aloud at Bethaven, after you, O Benjamin.
1 Kings 20:4	And the king of Israel answered and said, My lord, O king, according to your saying, I am yours, and all that I have.
Hosea 13:8	I will meet them as a bear that is bereaved of her whelps, and will rend the lobe of their heart, and there will I devour them like a lion: the wild beast shall tear them.
Acts 13:52	And the disciples were filled with joy, and with the Holy Ghost.
Job 6:8	Oh that I might have my request; and that God would grant me the thing that I long for!
Jeremiah 33:3	Call to me, and I will answer you, and show you great and mighty things, which you know not.
Psalm 145:16	You open your hand, and satisfy the desire of every living thing.
Proverbs 11:12	He that is void of wisdom despises his neighbor: but a man of understanding holds his peace.
Romans 9:13	As it is written, Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated.
Mark 14:45	And as soon as he was come, he goes straightway to him, and said, Master, master; and kissed him.
Exodus 37:18	And six branches going out of the sides thereof; three branches of the candlestick out of the one side thereof, and three branches of the candlestick out of the other side thereof:
Genesis 14:2	That these made war with Bera king of Sodom, and with Birsha king of Gomorrah, Shinab king of Admah, and Shemeber king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela, which is Zoar.
Proverbs 13:3	He that keeps his mouth keeps his life: but he that opens wide his lips shall have destruction.
Matthew 15:15	Then answered Peter and said to him, Declare to us this parable.
Psalm 146:6	Which made heaven, and earth, the sea, and all that therein is: which keeps truth for ever:
2 Chronicles 17:6	And his heart was lifted up in the ways of the LORD: moreover he took away the high places and groves out of Judah.
Matthew 10:13	And if the house be worthy, let your peace come on it: but if it be not worthy, let your peace return to you.
John 4:41	And many more believed because of his own word;
Genesis 39:2	And the LORD was with Joseph, and he was a prosperous man; and he was in the house of his master the Egyptian.
Proverbs 6:35	He will not regard any ransom; neither will he rest content, though you give many gifts.
Numbers 26:64	But among these there was not a man of them whom Moses and Aaron the priest numbered, when they numbered the children of Israel in the wilderness of Sinai.
Job 33:21	His flesh is consumed away, that it cannot be seen; and his bones that were not seen stick out.
John 9:41	Jesus said to them, If you were blind, you should have no sin: but now you say, We see; therefore your sin remains.
Acts 16:40	And they went out of the prison, and entered into the house of Lydia: and when they had seen the brothers, they comforted them, and departed.
Judges 8:32	And Gideon the son of Joash died in a good old age, and was buried in the sepulcher of Joash his father, in Ophrah of the Abiezrites.
1 Chronicles 7:23	And when he went in to his wife, she conceived, and bore a son, and he called his name Beriah, because it went evil with his house.
2 Chronicles 14:6	And he built fenced cities in Judah: for the land had rest, and he had no war in those years; because the LORD had given him rest.
Isaiah 45:3	And I will give you the treasures of darkness, and hidden riches of secret places, that you may know that I, the LORD, which call you by your name, am the God of Israel.
Jeremiah 31:11	For the LORD has redeemed Jacob, and ransomed him from the hand of him that was stronger than he.
2 Samuel 19:34	And Barzillai said to the king, How long have I to live, that I should go up with the king to Jerusalem?
Jeremiah 2:23	How can you say, I am not polluted, I have not gone after Baalim? see your way in the valley, know what you have done: you are a swift dromedary traversing her ways;
Mark 4:16	And these are they likewise which are sown on stony ground; who, when they have heard the word, immediately receive it with gladness;
Song of Solomon 3:2	I will rise now, and go about the city in the streets, and in the broad ways I will seek him whom my soul loves: I sought him, but I found him not.
Isaiah 26:20	Come, my people, enter you into your chambers, and shut your doors about you: hide yourself as it were for a little moment, until the indignation be over.
Matthew 6:28	And why take you thought for raiment? Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin:
Ezekiel 7:6	An end is come, the end is come: it watches for you; behold, it is come.
1 Chronicles 29:19	And give to Solomon my son a perfect heart, to keep your commandments, your testimonies, and your statutes, and to do all these things, and to build the palace, for the which I have made provision.
2 Chronicles 33:25	But the people of the land slew all them that had conspired against king Amon; and the people of the land made Josiah his son king in his stead.
Numbers 29:21	And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:
Luke 7:17	And this rumor of him went forth throughout all Judaea, and throughout all the region round about.
Ezra 2:54	The children of Neziah, the children of Hatipha.
Deuteronomy 33:29	Happy are you, O Israel: who is like to you, O people saved by the LORD, the shield of your help, and who is the sword of your excellency! and your enemies shall be found liars to you; and you shall tread on their high places.
Exodus 14:18	And the Egyptians shall know that I am the LORD, when I have gotten me honor on Pharaoh, on his chariots, and on his horsemen.
2 Kings 19:37	And it came to pass, as he was worshipping in the house of Nisroch his god, that Adrammelech and Sharezer his sons smote him with the sword: and they escaped into the land of Armenia. And Esarhaddon his son reigned in his stead.
Acts 20:29	For I know this, that after my departing shall grievous wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock.
1 Kings 1:14	Behold, while you yet talk there with the king, I also will come in after you, and confirm your words.
Job 9:2	I know it is so of a truth: but how should man be just with God?
2 Kings 6:5	But as one was felling a beam, the ax head fell into the water: and he cried, and said, Alas, master! for it was borrowed.
Mark 15:36	And one ran and filled a sponge full of vinegar, and put it on a reed, and gave him to drink, saying, Let alone; let us see whether Elias will come to take him down.
Hebrews 7:18	For there is truly a cancellation of the commandment going before for the weakness and unprofitableness thereof.
Jeremiah 23:31	Behold, I am against the prophets, said the LORD, that use their tongues, and say, He said.
Job 21:31	Who shall declare his way to his face? and who shall repay him what he has done?
Job 5:19	He shall deliver you in six troubles: yes, in seven there shall no evil touch you.
Isaiah 29:18	And in that day shall the deaf hear the words of the book, and the eyes of the blind shall see out of obscurity, and out of darkness.
Ruth 1:5	And Mahlon and Chilion died also both of them; and the woman was left of her two sons and her husband.
Ezekiel 26:8	He shall slay with the sword your daughters in the field: and he shall make a fort against you, and cast a mount against you, and lift up the buckler against you.
Psalm 69:19	You have known my reproach, and my shame, and my dishonor: my adversaries are all before you.
James 5:14	Is any sick among you? let him call for the elders of the church; and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord:
2 Chronicles 11:8	And Gath, and Mareshah, and Ziph,
1 Samuel 17:12	Now David was the son of that Ephrathite of Bethlehemjudah, whose name was Jesse; and he had eight sons: and the man went among men for an old man in the days of Saul.
1 Samuel 8:16	And he will take your menservants, and your maidservants, and your best young men, and your asses, and put them to his work.
Acts 5:17	Then the high priest rose up, and all they that were with him, (which is the sect of the Sadducees,) and were filled with indignation,
Judges 10:14	Go and cry to the gods which you have chosen; let them deliver you in the time of your tribulation.
Daniel 8:20	The ram which you saw having two horns are the kings of Media and Persia.
Ezra 6:3	In the first year of Cyrus the king the same Cyrus the king made a decree concerning the house of God at Jerusalem, Let the house be built, the place where they offered sacrifices, and let the foundations thereof be strongly laid; the height thereof three score cubits, and the breadth thereof three score cubits;
Hebrews 8:13	In that he said, A new covenant, he has made the first old. Now that which decays and waxes old is ready to vanish away.
2 Samuel 15:11	And with Absalom went two hundred men out of Jerusalem, that were called; and they went in their simplicity, and they knew not any thing.
1 Chronicles 3:3	The fifth, Shephatiah of Abital: the sixth, Ithream by Eglah his wife.
Hosea 12:6	Therefore turn you to your God: keep mercy and judgment and wait on your God continually.
Acts 16:26	And suddenly there was a great earthquake, so that the foundations of the prison were shaken: and immediately all the doors were opened, and every one’s bands were loosed.
Exodus 17:7	And he called the name of the place Massah, and Meribah, because of the chiding of the children of Israel, and because they tempted the LORD, saying, Is the LORD among us, or not?
2 Corinthians 4:6	For God, who commanded the light to shine out of darkness, has shined in our hearts, to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ.
Deuteronomy 6:15	(For the LORD your God is a jealous God among you) lest the anger of the LORD your God be kindled against you, and destroy you from off the face of the earth.
1 Timothy 5:23	Drink no longer water, but use a little wine for your stomach’s sake and your often infirmities.
Ezekiel 21:11	And he has given it to be furbished, that it may be handled: this sword is sharpened, and it is furbished, to give it into the hand of the slayer.
Esther 2:12	Now when every maid’s turn was come to go in to king Ahasuerus, after that she had been twelve months, according to the manner of the women, (for so were the days of their purifications accomplished, to wit, six months with oil of myrrh, and six months with sweet odors, and with other things for the purifying of the women;)
Ezekiel 47:17	And the border from the sea shall be Hazarenan, the border of Damascus, and the north northward, and the border of Hamath. And this is the north side.
1 John 1:10	If we say that we have not sinned, we make him a liar, and his word is not in us.
Isaiah 16:12	And it shall come to pass, when it is seen that Moab is weary on the high place, that he shall come to his sanctuary to pray; but he shall not prevail.
Psalm 18:21	For I have kept the ways of the LORD, and have not wickedly departed from my God.
Matthew 13:8	But other fell into good ground, and brought forth fruit, some an hundred times, some sixty times, some thirty times.
Deuteronomy 32:47	For it is not a vain thing for you; because it is your life: and through this thing you shall prolong your days in the land, where you go over Jordan to possess it.
1 Samuel 20:28	And Jonathan answered Saul, David earnestly asked leave of me to go to Bethlehem:
Romans 1:23	And changed the glory of the incorruptible God into an image made like to corruptible man, and to birds, and four footed beasts, and creeping things.
Acts 21:32	Who immediately took soldiers and centurions, and ran down to them: and when they saw the chief captain and the soldiers, they left beating of Paul.
1 Kings 7:12	And the great court round about was with three rows of hewed stones, and a row of cedar beams, both for the inner court of the house of the LORD, and for the porch of the house.
John 15:6	If a man abide not in me, he is cast forth as a branch, and is withered; and men gather them, and cast them into the fire, and they are burned.
Joshua 21:42	These cities were every one with their suburbs round about them: thus were all these cities.
Romans 6:17	But God be thanked, that you were the servants of sin, but you have obeyed from the heart that form of doctrine which was delivered you.
Revelation 19:21	And the remnant were slain with the sword of him that sat on the horse, which sword proceeded out of his mouth: and all the fowls were filled with their flesh.
Jeremiah 17:4	And you, even yourself, shall discontinue from your heritage that I gave you; and I will cause you to serve your enemies in the land which you know not: for you have kindled a fire in my anger, which shall burn for ever.
1 Kings 13:23	And it came to pass, after he had eaten bread, and after he had drunk, that he saddled for him the ass, to wit, for the prophet whom he had brought back.
Luke 5:1	And it came to pass, that, as the people pressed on him to hear the word of God, he stood by the lake of Gennesaret,
Acts 7:19	The same dealt subtly with our kindred, and evil entreated our fathers, so that they cast out their young children, to the end they might not live.
Numbers 7:36	On the fifth day Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai, prince of the children of Simeon, did offer:
Mark 11:27	And they come again to Jerusalem: and as he was walking in the temple, there come to him the chief priests, and the scribes, and the elders,
Numbers 24:16	He has said, which heard the words of God, and knew the knowledge of the most High, which saw the vision of the Almighty, falling into a trance, but having his eyes open:
Job 30:2	Yes, whereto might the strength of their hands profit me, in whom old age was perished?
Acts 14:14	Which when the apostles, Barnabas and Paul, heard of, they rent their clothes, and ran in among the people, crying out,
Exodus 2:1	And there went a man of the house of Levi, and took to wife a daughter of Levi.
Ezekiel 38:10	Thus said the Lord GOD; It shall also come to pass, that at the same time shall things come into your mind, and you shall think an evil thought:
Ezra 1:1	Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, that the word of the LORD by the mouth of Jeremiah might be fulfilled, the LORD stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and put it also in writing, saying,
Ezekiel 41:6	And the side chambers were three, one over another, and thirty in order; and they entered into the wall which was of the house for the side chambers round about, that they might have hold, but they had not hold in the wall of the house.
2 Kings 3:25	And they beat down the cities, and on every good piece of land cast every man his stone, and filled it; and they stopped all the wells of water, and felled all the good trees: only in Kirharaseth left they the stones thereof; however, the slingers went about it, and smote it.
John 3:29	He that has the bride is the bridegroom: but the friend of the bridegroom, which stands and hears him, rejoices greatly because of the bridegroom’s voice: this my joy therefore is fulfilled.
1 Chronicles 2:43	And the sons of Hebron; Korah, and Tappuah, and Rekem, and Shema.
1 Corinthians 12:12	For as the body is one, and has many members, and all the members of that one body, being many, are one body: so also is Christ.
1 Kings 21:17	And the word of the LORD came to Elijah the Tishbite, saying,
Romans 7:16	If then I do that which I would not, I consent to the law that it is good.
Joshua 9:15	And Joshua made peace with them, and made a league with them, to let them live: and the princes of the congregation swore to them.
1 Kings 14:22	And Judah did evil in the sight of the LORD, and they provoked him to jealousy with their sins which they had committed, above all that their fathers had done.
1 Chronicles 29:26	Thus David the son of Jesse reigned over all Israel.
Isaiah 19:1	The burden of Egypt. Behold, the LORD rides on a swift cloud, and shall come into Egypt: and the idols of Egypt shall be moved at his presence, and the heart of Egypt shall melt in the middle of it.
Job 13:27	You put my feet also in the stocks, and look narrowly to all my paths; you set a print on the heels of my feet.
Jude 1:16	These are murmurers, complainers, walking after their own lusts; and their mouth speaks great swelling words, having men’s persons in admiration because of advantage.
John 18:6	As soon then as he had said to them, I am he, they went backward, and fell to the ground.
Matthew 21:26	But if we shall say, Of men; we fear the people; for all hold John as a prophet.
Psalm 7:2	Lest he tear my soul like a lion, rending it in pieces, while there is none to deliver.
Deuteronomy 14:26	And you shall bestow that money for whatever your soul lusts after, for oxen, or for sheep, or for wine, or for strong drink, or for whatever your soul desires: and you shall eat there before the LORD your God, and you shall rejoice, you, and your household,
1 Kings 14:30	And there was war between Rehoboam and Jeroboam all their days.
2 Samuel 22:46	Strangers shall fade away, and they shall be afraid out of their close places.
Acts 18:10	For I am with you, and no man shall set on you to hurt you: for I have much people in this city.
Matthew 28:8	And they departed quickly from the sepulcher with fear and great joy; and did run to bring his disciples word.
Genesis 46:18	These are the sons of Zilpah, whom Laban gave to Leah his daughter, and these she bore to Jacob, even sixteen souls.
Psalm 75:9	But I will declare for ever; I will sing praises to the God of Jacob.
Job 13:16	He also shall be my salvation: for an hypocrite shall not come before him.
Ezra 2:15	The children of Adin, four hundred fifty and four.
Luke 14:25	And there went great multitudes with him: and he turned, and said to them,
Proverbs 8:9	They are all plain to him that understands, and right to them that find knowledge.
Genesis 37:10	And he told it to his father, and to his brothers: and his father rebuked him, and said to him, What is this dream that you have dreamed? Shall I and your mother and your brothers indeed come to bow down ourselves to you to the earth?
Isaiah 37:35	For I will defend this city to save it for my own sake, and for my servant David’s sake.
Exodus 33:3	To a land flowing with milk and honey: for I will not go up in the middle of you; for you are a stiff necked people: lest I consume you in the way.
Numbers 33:28	And they removed from Tarah, and pitched in Mithcah.
Exodus 30:18	You shall also make a laver of brass, and his foot also of brass, to wash with: and you shall put it between the tabernacle of the congregation and the altar, and you shall put water therein.
Psalm 21:8	Your hand shall find out all your enemies: your right hand shall find out those that hate you.
Job 38:13	That it might take hold of the ends of the earth, that the wicked might be shaken out of it?
Romans 7:13	Was then that which is good made death to me? God forbid. But sin, that it might appear sin, working death in me by that which is good; that sin by the commandment might become exceeding sinful.
Mark 11:10	Blessed be the kingdom of our father David, that comes in the name of the Lord: Hosanna in the highest.
2 Corinthians 9:12	For the administration of this service not only supplies the want of the saints, but is abundant also by many thanksgivings to God;
2 Kings 23:12	And the altars that were on the top of the upper chamber of Ahaz, which the kings of Judah had made, and the altars which Manasseh had made in the two courts of the house of the LORD, did the king beat down, and broke them down from there, and cast the dust of them into the brook Kidron.
Ephesians 4:32	And be you kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ’s sake has forgiven you.
Judges 8:10	Now Zebah and Zalmunna were in Karkor, and their hosts with them, about fifteen thousand men, all that were left of all the hosts of the children of the east: for there fell an hundred and twenty thousand men that drew sword.
Matthew 7:19	Every tree that brings not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.
Luke 4:3	And the devil said to him, If you be the Son of God, command this stone that it be made bread.
Numbers 11:15	And if you deal thus with me, kill me, I pray you, out of hand, if I have found favor in your sight; and let me not see my wretchedness.
Judges 20:10	And we will take ten men of an hundred throughout all the tribes of Israel, and an hundred of a thousand, and a thousand out of ten thousand, to fetch victual for the people, that they may do, when they come to Gibeah of Benjamin, according to all the folly that they have worked in Israel.
2 Kings 14:21	And all the people of Judah took Azariah, which was sixteen years old, and made him king instead of his father Amaziah.
2 Chronicles 4:1	Moreover he made an altar of brass, twenty cubits the length thereof, and twenty cubits the breadth thereof, and ten cubits the height thereof.
Job 34:12	Yes, surely God will not do wickedly, neither will the Almighty pervert judgment.
Psalm 27:14	Wait on the LORD: be of good courage, and he shall strengthen your heart: wait, I say, on the LORD.
Micah 2:9	The women of my people have you cast out from their pleasant houses; from their children have you taken away my glory for ever.
Proverbs 14:18	The simple inherit folly: but the prudent are crowned with knowledge.
Isaiah 38:13	I reckoned till morning, that, as a lion, so will he break all my bones: from day even to night will you make an end of me.
Psalm 119:39	Turn away my reproach which I fear: for your judgments are good.
Joshua 14:11	As yet I am as strong this day as I was in the day that Moses sent me: as my strength was then, even so is my strength now, for war, both to go out, and to come in.
Jeremiah 32:30	For the children of Israel and the children of Judah have only done evil before me from their youth: for the children of Israel have only provoked me to anger with the work of their hands, said the LORD.
Lamentations 2:3	He has cut off in his fierce anger all the horn of Israel: he has drawn back his right hand from before the enemy, and he burned against Jacob like a flaming fire, which devours round about.
Jeremiah 6:20	To what purpose comes there to me incense from Sheba, and the sweet cane from a far country? your burnt offerings are not acceptable, nor your sacrifices sweet to me.
Ezekiel 8:17	Then he said to me, Have you seen this, O son of man? Is it a light thing to the house of Judah that they commit the abominations which they commit here? for they have filled the land with violence, and have returned to provoke me to anger: and, see, they put the branch to their nose.
2 Peter 2:4	For if God spared not the angels that sinned, but cast them down to hell, and delivered them into chains of darkness, to be reserved to judgment;
1 Kings 20:15	Then he numbered the young men of the princes of the provinces, and they were two hundred and thirty two: and after them he numbered all the people, even all the children of Israel, being seven thousand.
Psalm 73:21	Thus my heart was grieved, and I was pricked in my reins.
1 Kings 21:23	And of Jezebel also spoke the LORD, saying, The dogs shall eat Jezebel by the wall of Jezreel.
1 John 2:8	Again, a new commandment I write to you, which thing is true in him and in you: because the darkness is past, and the true light now shines.
1 Samuel 16:11	And Samuel said to Jesse, Are here all your children? And he said, There remains yet the youngest, and, behold, he keeps the sheep. And Samuel said to Jesse, Send and fetch him: for we will not sit down till he come here.
1 Chronicles 12:11	Attai the sixth, Eliel the seventh,
John 6:38	For I came down from heaven, not to do my own will, but the will of him that sent me.
2 Chronicles 29:29	And when they had made an end of offering, the king and all that were present with him bowed themselves, and worshipped.
Isaiah 10:33	Behold, the Lord, the LORD of hosts, shall lop the bough with terror: and the high ones of stature shall be hewn down, and the haughty shall be humbled.
Hebrews 1:10	And, You, Lord, in the beginning have laid the foundation of the earth; and the heavens are the works of your hands:
1 Samuel 8:8	According to all the works which they have done since the day that I brought them up out of Egypt even to this day, with which they have forsaken me, and served other gods, so do they also to you.
2 Kings 14:27	And the LORD said not that he would blot out the name of Israel from under heaven: but he saved them by the hand of Jeroboam the son of Joash.
Isaiah 40:25	To whom then will you liken me, or shall I be equal? said the Holy One.
Galatians 5:20	Idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, jealousies, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies,
Mark 10:39	And they said to him, We can. And Jesus said to them, You shall indeed drink of the cup that I drink of; and with the baptism that I am baptized with shall you be baptized:
1 Corinthians 4:10	We are fools for Christ’s sake, but you are wise in Christ; we are weak, but you are strong; you are honorable, but we are despised.
1 Samuel 2:32	And you shall see an enemy in my habitation, in all the wealth which God shall give Israel: and there shall not be an old man in your house for ever.
1 Chronicles 10:5	And when his armor bearer saw that Saul was dead, he fell likewise on the sword, and died.
Isaiah 21:9	And, behold, here comes a chariot of men, with a couple of horsemen. And he answered and said, Babylon is fallen, is fallen; and all the graven images of her gods he has broken to the ground.
Luke 19:9	And Jesus said to him, This day is salvation come to this house, as much as he also is a son of Abraham.
1 Samuel 2:21	And the LORD visited Hannah, so that she conceived, and bore three sons and two daughters. And the child Samuel grew before the LORD.
Acts 10:16	This was done thrice: and the vessel was received up again into heaven.
Joel 2:31	The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before the great and terrible day of the LORD come.
Nahum 1:15	Behold on the mountains the feet of him that brings good tidings, that publishes peace! O Judah, keep your solemn feasts, perform your vows: for the wicked shall no more pass through you; he is utterly cut off.
1 Samuel 31:6	So Saul died, and his three sons, and his armor bearer, and all his men, that same day together.
Ezekiel 11:9	And I will bring you out of the middle thereof, and deliver you into the hands of strangers, and will execute judgments among you.
1 Chronicles 8:13	Beriah also, and Shema, who were heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of Aijalon, who drove away the inhabitants of Gath:
Ecclesiastes 3:17	I said in my heart, God shall judge the righteous and the wicked: for there is a time there for every purpose and for every work.
Jeremiah 13:13	Then shall you say to them, Thus said the LORD, Behold, I will fill all the inhabitants of this land, even the kings that sit on David’s throne, and the priests, and the prophets, and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem, with drunkenness.
Acts 3:17	And now, brothers, I know that through ignorance you did it, as did also your rulers.
Psalm 15:5	He that puts not out his money to usury, nor takes reward against the innocent. He that does these things shall never be moved.
John 11:16	Then said Thomas, which is called Didymus, to his fellow disciples, Let us also go, that we may die with him.
Judges 8:14	And caught a young man of the men of Succoth, and inquired of him: and he described to him the princes of Succoth, and the elders thereof, even three score and seventeen men.
Deuteronomy 23:5	Nevertheless the LORD your God would not listen to Balaam; but the LORD your God turned the curse into a blessing to you, because the LORD your God loved you.
Psalm 18:45	The strangers shall fade away, and be afraid out of their close places.
Numbers 6:25	The LORD make his face shine on you, and be gracious to you:
2 Chronicles 36:21	To fulfill the word of the LORD by the mouth of Jeremiah, until the land had enjoyed her sabbaths: for as long as she lay desolate she kept sabbath, to fulfill three score and ten years.
Job 21:29	Have you not asked them that go by the way? and do you not know their tokens,
Genesis 19:26	But his wife looked back from behind him, and she became a pillar of salt.
Genesis 24:13	Behold, I stand here by the well of water; and the daughters of the men of the city come out to draw water:
Exodus 40:2	On the first day of the first month shall you set up the tabernacle of the tent of the congregation.
Acts 9:13	Then Ananias answered, Lord, I have heard by many of this man, how much evil he has done to your saints at Jerusalem:
Numbers 33:17	And they departed from Kibrothhattaavah, and encamped at Hazeroth.
Romans 13:7	Render therefore to all their dues: tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honor to whom honor.
Judges 8:31	And his concubine that was in Shechem, she also bore him a son, whose name he called Abimelech.
Acts 19:13	Then certain of the vagabond Jews, exorcists, took on them to call over them which had evil spirits the name of the LORD Jesus, saying, We adjure you by Jesus whom Paul preaches.
Isaiah 11:15	And the LORD shall utterly destroy the tongue of the Egyptian sea; and with his mighty wind shall he shake his hand over the river, and shall smite it in the seven streams, and make men go over with dry sandals.
Ecclesiastes 11:5	As you know not what is the way of the spirit, nor how the bones do grow in the womb of her that is with child: even so you know not the works of God who makes all.
Numbers 5:27	And when he has made her to drink the water, then it shall come to pass, that, if she be defiled, and have done trespass against her husband, that the water that causes the curse shall enter into her, and become bitter, and her belly shall swell, and her thigh shall rot: and the woman shall be a curse among her people.
Luke 3:19	But Herod the tetrarch, being reproved by him for Herodias his brother Philip’s wife, and for all the evils which Herod had done,
2 Corinthians 3:8	How shall not the ministration of the spirit be rather glorious?
Mark 12:13	And they send to him certain of the Pharisees and of the Herodians, to catch him in his words.
Matthew 20:27	And whoever will be chief among you, let him be your servant:
2 Chronicles 4:5	And the thickness of it was an handbreadth, and the brim of it like the work of the brim of a cup, with flowers of lilies; and it received and held three thousand baths.
Isaiah 22:9	You have seen also the breaches of the city of David, that they are many: and you gathered together the waters of the lower pool.
2 Timothy 4:21	Do your diligence to come before winter. Eubulus greets you, and Pudens, and Linus, and Claudia, and all the brothers.
Joshua 22:23	That we have built us an altar to turn from following the LORD, or if to offer thereon burnt offering or meat offering, or if to offer peace offerings thereon, let the LORD himself require it;
Mark 7:3	For the Pharisees, and all the Jews, except they wash their hands oft, eat not, holding the tradition of the elders.
John 1:51	And he said to him, Truly, truly, I say to you, Hereafter you shall see heaven open, and the angels of God ascending and descending on the Son of man.
Ezekiel 47:20	The west side also shall be the great sea from the border, till a man come over against Hamath. This is the west side.
Matthew 7:21	Not every one that said to me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that does the will of my Father which is in heaven.
Isaiah 30:10	Which say to the seers, See not; and to the prophets, Prophesy not to us right things, speak to us smooth things, prophesy deceits:
2 Chronicles 22:1	And the inhabitants of Jerusalem made Ahaziah his youngest son king in his stead: for the band of men that came with the Arabians to the camp had slain all the oldest. So Ahaziah the son of Jehoram king of Judah reigned.
Psalm 84:8	O LORD God of hosts, hear my prayer: give ear, O God of Jacob. Selah.
Jeremiah 25:16	And they shall drink, and be moved, and be mad, because of the sword that I will send among them.
Revelation 3:19	As many as I love, I rebuke and chasten: be zealous therefore, and repent.
Ezekiel 30:24	And I will strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon, and put my sword in his hand: but I will break Pharaoh’s arms, and he shall groan before him with the groanings of a deadly wounded man.
Psalm 73:13	Truly I have cleansed my heart in vain, and washed my hands in innocence.
Song of Solomon 2:5	Stay me with flagons, comfort me with apples: for I am sick of love.
Numbers 27:5	And Moses brought their cause before the LORD.
Nehemiah 10:29	They joined to their brothers, their nobles, and entered into a curse, and into an oath, to walk in God’s law, which was given by Moses the servant of God, and to observe and do all the commandments of the LORD our Lord, and his judgments and his statutes;
Lamentations 2:10	The elders of the daughter of Zion sit on the ground, and keep silence: they have cast up dust on their heads; they have girded themselves with sackcloth: the virgins of Jerusalem hang down their heads to the ground.
Ezra 7:9	For on the first day of the first month began he to go up from Babylon, and on the first day of the fifth month came he to Jerusalem, according to the good hand of his God on him.
Acts 8:27	And he arose and went: and, behold, a man of Ethiopia, an eunuch of great authority under Candace queen of the Ethiopians, who had the charge of all her treasure, and had come to Jerusalem for to worship,
1 Chronicles 24:28	Of Mahli came Eleazar, who had no sons.
Jeremiah 32:7	Behold, Hanameel the son of Shallum your uncle shall come to you saying, Buy you my field that is in Anathoth: for the right of redemption is your to buy it.
Jeremiah 6:8	Be you instructed, O Jerusalem, lest my soul depart from you; lest I make you desolate, a land not inhabited.
Isaiah 7:9	And the head of Ephraim is Samaria, and the head of Samaria is Remaliah’s son. If you will not believe, surely you shall not be established.
Psalm 130:2	Lord, hear my voice: let your ears be attentive to the voice of my supplications.
Psalm 102:28	The children of your servants shall continue, and their seed shall be established before you.
2 Samuel 11:26	And when the wife of Uriah heard that Uriah her husband was dead, she mourned for her husband.
Acts 6:2	Then the twelve called the multitude of the disciples to them, and said, It is not reason that we should leave the word of God, and serve tables.
Numbers 29:34	And one goat for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, his meat offering, and his drink offering.
Judges 21:21	And see, and, behold, if the daughters of Shiloh come out to dance in dances, then come you out of the vineyards, and catch you every man his wife of the daughters of Shiloh, and go to the land of Benjamin.
Genesis 41:18	And, behold, there came up out of the river seven cows, fat and well favored; and they fed in a meadow:
1 Kings 14:9	But have done evil above all that were before you: for you have gone and made you other gods, and molten images, to provoke me to anger, and have cast me behind your back:
Exodus 15:7	And in the greatness of your excellency you have overthrown them that rose up against you: you sent forth your wrath, which consumed them as stubble.
Job 26:11	The pillars of heaven tremble and are astonished at his reproof.
Ezra 2:12	The children of Azgad, a thousand two hundred twenty and two.
Psalm 17:5	Hold up my goings in your paths, that my footsteps slip not.
1 John 2:2	And he is the propitiation for our sins: and not for our’s only, but also for the sins of the whole world.
Proverbs 14:7	Go from the presence of a foolish man, when you perceive not in him the lips of knowledge.
Proverbs 30:26	The conies are but a feeble folk, yet make they their houses in the rocks;
Galatians 4:3	Even so we, when we were children, were in bondage under the elements of the world:
Psalm 59:1	Deliver me from my enemies, O my God: defend me from them that rise up against me.
Jeremiah 51:4	Thus the slain shall fall in the land of the Chaldeans, and they that are thrust through in her streets.
Leviticus 13:29	If a man or woman have a plague on the head or the beard;
1 Chronicles 8:25	And Iphedeiah, and Penuel, the sons of Shashak;
Matthew 21:11	And the multitude said, This is Jesus the prophet of Nazareth of Galilee.
Numbers 10:34	And the cloud of the LORD was on them by day, when they went out of the camp.
2 Chronicles 10:11	For whereas my father put a heavy yoke on you, I will put more to your yoke: my father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.
John 17:6	I have manifested your name to the men which you gave me out of the world: your they were, and you gave them me; and they have kept your word.
Psalm 13:5	But I have trusted in your mercy; my heart shall rejoice in your salvation.
Joshua 22:15	And they came to the children of Reuben, and to the children of Gad, and to the half tribe of Manasseh, to the land of Gilead, and they spoke with them, saying,
Genesis 29:14	And Laban said to him, Surely you are my bone and my flesh. And he stayed with him the space of a month.
Genesis 1:20	And God said, Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving creature that has life, and fowl that may fly above the earth in the open firmament of heaven.
Ezekiel 16:19	My meat also which I gave you, fine flour, and oil, and honey, with which I fed you, you have even set it before them for a sweet smell: and thus it was, said the Lord GOD.
2 Corinthians 1:8	For we would not, brothers, have you ignorant of our trouble which came to us in Asia, that we were pressed out of measure, above strength, so that we despaired even of life:
Psalm 106:47	Save us, O LORD our God, and gather us from among the heathen, to give thanks to your holy name, and to triumph in your praise.
Exodus 16:17	And the children of Israel did so, and gathered, some more, some less.
Nehemiah 13:25	And I contended with them, and cursed them, and smote certain of them, and plucked off their hair, and made them swear by God, saying, You shall not give your daughters to their sons, nor take their daughters to your sons, or for yourselves.
Acts 16:27	And the keeper of the prison awaking out of his sleep, and seeing the prison doors open, he drew out his sword, and would have killed himself, supposing that the prisoners had been fled.
Deuteronomy 14:18	And the stork, and the heron after her kind, and the lapwing, and the bat.
Numbers 24:25	And Balaam rose up, and went and returned to his place: and Balak also went his way.
Zechariah 14:9	And the LORD shall be king over all the earth: in that day shall there be one LORD, and his name one.
Joshua 18:12	And their border on the north side was from Jordan; and the border went up to the side of Jericho on the north side, and went up through the mountains westward; and the goings out thereof were at the wilderness of Bethaven.
Ezekiel 25:5	And I will make Rabbah a stable for camels, and the Ammonites a couching place for flocks: and you shall know that I am the LORD.
John 9:33	If this man were not of God, he could do nothing.
Romans 1:30	Backbiters, haters of God, despiteful, proud, boasters, inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents,
Matthew 13:53	And it came to pass, that when Jesus had finished these parables, he departed there.
Micah 3:8	But truly I am full of power by the spirit of the LORD, and of judgment, and of might, to declare to Jacob his transgression, and to Israel his sin.
Matthew 7:9	Or what man is there of you, whom if his son ask bread, will he give him a stone?
John 19:33	But when they came to Jesus, and saw that he was dead already, they broke not his legs:
2 Samuel 22:11	And he rode on a cherub, and did fly: and he was seen on the wings of the wind.
Job 19:21	Have pity on me, have pity on me, O you my friends; for the hand of God has touched me.
Job 1:1	There was a man in the land of Uz, whose name was Job; and that man was perfect and upright, and one that feared God, and eschewed evil.
Song of Solomon 7:8	I said, I will go up to the palm tree, I will take hold of the boughs thereof: now also your breasts shall be as clusters of the vine, and the smell of your nose like apples;
Isaiah 13:16	Their children also shall be dashed to pieces before their eyes; their houses shall be spoiled, and their wives ravished.
Mark 12:32	And the scribe said to him, Well, Master, you have said the truth: for there is one God; and there is none other but he:
Numbers 7:31	His offering was one silver charger of the weight of an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:
2 Thessalonians 3:14	And if any man obey not our word by this letter, note that man, and have no company with him, that he may be ashamed.
2 Samuel 8:8	And from Betah, and from Berothai, cities of Hadadezer, king David took exceeding much brass.
2 Chronicles 11:14	For the Levites left their suburbs and their possession, and came to Judah and Jerusalem: for Jeroboam and his sons had cast them off from executing the priest’s office to the LORD:
1 Samuel 14:37	And Saul asked counsel of God, Shall I go down after the Philistines? will you deliver them into the hand of Israel? But he answered him not that day.
Matthew 6:9	After this manner therefore pray you: Our Father which are in heaven, Hallowed be your name.
Zechariah 8:5	And the streets of the city shall be full of boys and girls playing in the streets thereof.
Mark 6:2	And when the sabbath day was come, he began to teach in the synagogue: and many hearing him were astonished, saying, From where has this man these things? and what wisdom is this which is given to him, that even such mighty works are worked by his hands?
Isaiah 65:19	And I will rejoice in Jerusalem, and joy in my people: and the voice of weeping shall be no more heard in her, nor the voice of crying.
Isaiah 37:8	So Rabshakeh returned, and found the king of Assyria warring against Libnah: for he had heard that he was departed from Lachish.
Zechariah 2:5	For I, said the LORD, will be to her a wall of fire round about, and will be the glory in the middle of her.
Mark 5:34	And he said to her, Daughter, your faith has made you whole; go in peace, and be whole of your plague.
Genesis 2:21	And the LORD God caused a deep sleep to fall on Adam, and he slept: and he took one of his ribs, and closed up the flesh instead thereof;
Jeremiah 6:4	Prepare you war against her; arise, and let us go up at noon. Woe to us! for the day goes away, for the shadows of the evening are stretched out.
Psalm 109:28	Let them curse, but bless you: when they arise, let them be ashamed; but let your servant rejoice.
Amos 9:8	Behold, the eyes of the Lord GOD are on the sinful kingdom, and I will destroy it from off the face of the earth; saving that I will not utterly destroy the house of Jacob, said the LORD.
Jeremiah 1:17	You therefore gird up your loins, and arise, and speak to them all that I command you: be not dismayed at their faces, lest I confound you before them.
Genesis 19:10	But the men put forth their hand, and pulled Lot into the house to them, and shut to the door.
Numbers 22:28	And the LORD opened the mouth of the ass, and she said to Balaam, What have I done to you, that you have smitten me these three times?
1 Chronicles 11:20	And Abishai the brother of Joab, he was chief of the three: for lifting up his spear against three hundred, he slew them, and had a name among the three.
Ezra 2:10	The children of Bani, six hundred forty and two.
Romans 8:39	Nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature, shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord.
Proverbs 31:17	She girds her loins with strength, and strengthens her arms.
Exodus 14:19	And the angel of God, which went before the camp of Israel, removed and went behind them; and the pillar of the cloud went from before their face, and stood behind them:
Genesis 7:16	And they that went in, went in male and female of all flesh, as God had commanded him: and the LORD shut him in.
Haggai 1:1	In the second year of Darius the king, in the sixth month, in the first day of the month, came the word of the LORD by Haggai the prophet to Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, and to Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest, saying,
1 Kings 8:15	And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of Israel, which spoke with his mouth to David my father, and has with his hand fulfilled it, saying,
Ezekiel 21:12	Cry and howl, son of man: for it shall be on my people, it shall be on all the princes of Israel: terrors by reason of the sword shall be on my people: smite therefore on your thigh.
2 Kings 6:30	And it came to pass, when the king heard the words of the woman, that he rent his clothes; and he passed by on the wall, and the people looked, and, behold, he had sackcloth within on his flesh.
Luke 8:15	But that on the good ground are they, which in an honest and good heart, having heard the word, keep it, and bring forth fruit with patience.
2 Samuel 24:2	For the king said to Joab the captain of the host, which was with him, Go now through all the tribes of Israel, from Dan even to Beersheba, and number you the people, that I may know the number of the people.
Matthew 6:15	But if you forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses.
Psalm 93:2	Your throne is established of old: you are from everlasting.
John 17:14	I have given them your word; and the world has hated them, because they are not of the world, even as I am not of the world.
Proverbs 23:33	Your eyes shall behold strange women, and your heart shall utter perverse things.
Proverbs 30:7	Two things have I required of you; deny me them not before I die:
John 11:17	Then when Jesus came, he found that he had lain in the grave four days already.
2 Chronicles 28:4	He sacrificed also and burnt incense in the high places, and on the hills, and under every green tree.
2 Kings 21:25	Now the rest of the acts of Amon which he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Numbers 21:2	And Israel vowed a vow to the LORD, and said, If you will indeed deliver this people into my hand, then I will utterly destroy their cities.
Ezra 1:10	Thirty basins of gold, silver basins of a second sort four hundred and ten, and other vessels a thousand.
Luke 4:35	And Jesus rebuked him, saying, Hold your peace, and come out of him. And when the devil had thrown him in the middle, he came out of him, and hurt him not.
Psalm 89:40	You have broken down all his hedges; you have brought his strong holds to ruin.
Habakkuk 2:19	Woe to him that said to the wood, Awake; to the dumb stone, Arise, it shall teach! Behold, it is laid over with gold and silver, and there is no breath at all in the middle of it.
Hosea 10:8	The high places also of Aven, the sin of Israel, shall be destroyed: the thorn and the thistle shall come up on their altars; and they shall say to the mountains, Cover us; and to the hills, Fall on us.
Psalm 2:12	Kiss the Son, lest he be angry, and you perish from the way, when his wrath is kindled but a little. Blessed are all they that put their trust in him.
Numbers 26:31	And of Asriel, the family of the Asrielites: and of Shechem, the family of the Shechemites:
1 Samuel 12:10	And they cried to the LORD, and said, We have sinned, because we have forsaken the LORD, and have served Baalim and Ashtaroth: but now deliver us out of the hand of our enemies, and we will serve you.
Acts 20:33	I have coveted no man’s silver, or gold, or apparel.
Psalm 27:6	And now shall my head be lifted up above my enemies round about me: therefore will I offer in his tabernacle sacrifices of joy; I will sing, yes, I will sing praises to the LORD.
Judges 9:18	And you are risen up against my father’s house this day, and have slain his sons, three score and ten persons, on one stone, and have made Abimelech, the son of his maidservant, king over the men of Shechem, because he is your brother;)
Esther 1:22	For he sent letters into all the king’s provinces, into every province according to the writing thereof, and to every people after their language, that every man should bear rule in his own house, and that it should be published according to the language of every people.
Nehemiah 10:13	Hodijah, Bani, Beninu.
1 Kings 7:19	And the capitals that were on the top of the pillars were of lily work in the porch, four cubits.
2 Kings 11:4	And the seventh year Jehoiada sent and fetched the rulers over hundreds, with the captains and the guard, and brought them to him into the house of the LORD, and made a covenant with them, and took an oath of them in the house of the LORD, and showed them the king’s son.
Acts 13:22	And when he had removed him, he raised up to them David to be their king; to whom also he gave their testimony, and said, I have found David the son of Jesse, a man after my own heart, which shall fulfill all my will.
1 Corinthians 12:5	And there are differences of administrations, but the same Lord.
Numbers 22:35	And the angel of the LORD said to Balaam, Go with the men: but only the word that I shall speak to you, that you shall speak. So Balaam went with the princes of Balak.
1 Chronicles 11:7	And David dwelled in the castle; therefore they called it the city of David.
Luke 8:38	Now the man out of whom the devils were departed sought him that he might be with him: but Jesus sent him away, saying,
Mark 1:12	And immediately the spirit drives him into the wilderness.
2 Samuel 2:26	Then Abner called to Joab, and said, Shall the sword devour for ever? know you not that it will be bitterness in the latter end? how long shall it be then, ere you bid the people return from following their brothers?
Luke 2:50	And they understood not the saying which he spoke to them.
Proverbs 29:16	When the wicked are multiplied, transgression increases: but the righteous shall see their fall.
1 Kings 22:18	And the king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, Did I not tell you that he would prophesy no good concerning me, but evil?
Proverbs 14:12	There is a way which seems right to a man, but the end thereof are the ways of death.
1 Corinthians 15:15	Yes, and we are found false witnesses of God; because we have testified of God that he raised up Christ: whom he raised not up, if so be that the dead rise not.
Psalm 8:2	Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings have you ordained strength because of your enemies, that you might still the enemy and the avenger.
John 11:5	Now Jesus loved Martha, and her sister, and Lazarus.
Titus 3:1	Put them in mind to be subject to principalities and powers, to obey magistrates, to be ready to every good work,
Luke 14:30	Saying, This man began to build, and was not able to finish.
1 Chronicles 27:26	And over them that did the work of the field for tillage of the ground was Ezri the son of Chelub:
Proverbs 1:1	The proverbs of Solomon the son of David, king of Israel;
Isaiah 42:8	I am the LORD: that is my name: and my glory will I not give to another, neither my praise to graven images.
Psalm 2:10	Be wise now therefore, O you kings: be instructed, you judges of the earth.
1 Kings 21:28	And the word of the LORD came to Elijah the Tishbite, saying,
Numbers 22:38	And Balaam said to Balak, See, I am come to you: have I now any power at all to say any thing? the word that God puts in my mouth, that shall I speak.
Revelation 22:17	And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that hears say, Come. And let him that is thirsty come. And whoever will, let him take the water of life freely.
Acts 7:23	And when he was full forty years old, it came into his heart to visit his brothers the children of Israel.
Deuteronomy 1:29	Then I said to you, Dread not, neither be afraid of them.
1 Samuel 28:23	But he refused, and said, I will not eat. But his servants, together with the woman, compelled him; and he listened to their voice. So he arose from the earth, and sat on the bed.
Nahum 1:5	The mountains quake at him, and the hills melt, and the earth is burned at his presence, yes, the world, and all that dwell therein.
Revelation 1:14	His head and his hairs were white like wool, as white as snow; and his eyes were as a flame of fire;
Micah 6:13	Therefore also will I make you sick in smiting you, in making you desolate because of your sins.
Matthew 15:26	But he answered and said, It is not meet to take the children’s bread, and to cast it to dogs.
Deuteronomy 28:28	The LORD shall smite you with madness, and blindness, and astonishment of heart:
Psalm 112:8	His heart is established, he shall not be afraid, until he see his desire on his enemies.
Psalm 52:3	You love evil more than good; and lying rather than to speak righteousness. Selah.
Acts 9:6	And he trembling and astonished said, Lord, what will you have me to do? And the Lord said to him, Arise, and go into the city, and it shall be told you what you must do.
Acts 13:28	And though they found no cause of death in him, yet desired they Pilate that he should be slain.
Psalm 89:33	Nevertheless my loving kindness will I not utterly take from him, nor suffer my faithfulness to fail.
Psalm 78:19	Yes, they spoke against God; they said, Can God furnish a table in the wilderness?
Hebrews 12:9	Furthermore we have had fathers of our flesh which corrected us, and we gave them reverence: shall we not much rather be in subjection to the Father of spirits, and live?
Daniel 11:36	And the king shall do according to his will; and he shall exalt himself, and magnify himself above every god, and shall speak marvelous things against the God of gods, and shall prosper till the indignation be accomplished: for that that is determined shall be done.
Acts 7:56	And said, Behold, I see the heavens opened, and the Son of man standing on the right hand of God.
John 10:22	And it was at Jerusalem the feast of the dedication, and it was winter.
Proverbs 17:27	He that has knowledge spares his words: and a man of understanding is of an excellent spirit.
Mark 4:24	And he said to them, Take heed what you hear: with what measure you mete, it shall be measured to you: and to you that hear shall more be given.
Genesis 20:9	Then Abimelech called Abraham, and said to him, What have you done to us? and what have I offended you, that you have brought on me and on my kingdom a great sin? you have done deeds to me that ought not to be done.
Luke 2:38	And she coming in that instant gave thanks likewise to the Lord, and spoke of him to all them that looked for redemption in Jerusalem.
2 Kings 14:9	And Jehoash the king of Israel sent to Amaziah king of Judah, saying, The thistle that was in Lebanon sent to the cedar that was in Lebanon, saying, Give your daughter to my son to wife: and there passed by a wild beast that was in Lebanon, and stepped down the thistle.
2 Chronicles 9:29	Now the rest of the acts of Solomon, first and last, are they not written in the book of Nathan the prophet, and in the prophecy of Ahijah the Shilonite, and in the visions of Iddo the seer against Jeroboam the son of Nebat?
Psalm 106:9	He rebuked the Red sea also, and it was dried up: so he led them through the depths, as through the wilderness.
1 Thessalonians 4:13	But I would not have you to be ignorant, brothers, concerning them which are asleep, that you sorrow not, even as others which have no hope.
2 Kings 6:22	And he answered, You shall not smite them: would you smite those whom you have taken captive with your sword and with your bow? set bread and water before them, that they may eat and drink, and go to their master.
Isaiah 41:2	Who raised up the righteous man from the east, called him to his foot, gave the nations before him, and made him rule over kings? he gave them as the dust to his sword, and as driven stubble to his bow.
1 Thessalonians 5:24	Faithful is he that calls you, who also will do it.
Numbers 36:11	For Mahlah, Tirzah, and Hoglah, and Milcah, and Noah, the daughters of Zelophehad, were married to their father’s brothers’ sons:
Ecclesiastes 3:6	A time to get, and a time to lose; a time to keep, and a time to cast away;
Jeremiah 32:16	Now when I had delivered the evidence of the purchase to Baruch the son of Neriah, I prayed to the LORD, saying,
Ezekiel 14:8	And I will set my face against that man, and will make him a sign and a proverb, and I will cut him off from the middle of my people; and you shall know that I am the LORD.
John 17:11	And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world, and I come to you. Holy Father, keep through your own name those whom you have given me, that they may be one, as we are.
Psalm 16:11	You will show me the path of life: in your presence is fullness of joy; at your right hand there are pleasures for ever more.
Proverbs 3:33	The curse of the LORD is in the house of the wicked: but he blesses the habitation of the just.
Jeremiah 3:22	Return, you backsliding children, and I will heal your backslidings. Behold, we come to you; for you are the LORD our God.
1 Kings 18:30	And Elijah said to all the people, Come near to me. And all the people came near to him. And he repaired the altar of the LORD that was broken down.
Romans 11:2	God has not cast away his people which he foreknew. Know you not what the scripture said of Elias? how he makes intercession to God against Israel saying,
Ezekiel 30:12	And I will make the rivers dry, and sell the land into the hand of the wicked: and I will make the land waste, and all that is therein, by the hand of strangers: I the LORD have spoken it.
Psalm 68:7	O God, when you went forth before your people, when you did march through the wilderness; Selah:
Isaiah 15:7	Therefore the abundance they have gotten, and that which they have laid up, shall they carry away to the brook of the willows.
Matthew 25:42	For I was an hungered, and you gave me no meat: I was thirsty, and you gave me no drink:
John 8:8	And again he stooped down, and wrote on the ground.
Ezekiel 14:9	And if the prophet be deceived when he has spoken a thing, I the LORD have deceived that prophet, and I will stretch out my hand on him, and will destroy him from the middle of my people Israel.
Acts 17:6	And when they found them not, they drew Jason and certain brothers to the rulers of the city, crying, These that have turned the world upside down are come here also;
Psalm 81:4	For this was a statute for Israel, and a law of the God of Jacob.
1 Samuel 31:8	And it came to pass on the morrow, when the Philistines came to strip the slain, that they found Saul and his three sons fallen in mount Gilboa.
Luke 10:19	Behold, I give to you power to tread on serpents and scorpions, and over all the power of the enemy: and nothing shall by any means hurt you.
Song of Solomon 5:6	I opened to my beloved; but my beloved had withdrawn himself, and was gone: my soul failed when he spoke: I sought him, but I could not find him; I called him, but he gave me no answer.
2 Chronicles 18:11	And all the prophets prophesied so, saying, Go up to Ramothgilead, and prosper: for the LORD shall deliver it into the hand of the king.
1 Corinthians 2:11	For what man knows the things of a man, save the spirit of man which is in him? even so the things of God knows no man, but the Spirit of God.
1 Samuel 30:6	And David was greatly distressed; for the people spoke of stoning him, because the soul of all the people was grieved, every man for his sons and for his daughters: but David encouraged himself in the LORD his God.
Psalm 78:49	He cast on them the fierceness of his anger, wrath, and indignation, and trouble, by sending evil angels among them.
1 Samuel 2:33	And the man of yours, whom I shall not cut off from my altar, shall be to consume your eyes, and to grieve your heart: and all the increase of your house shall die in the flower of their age.
Leviticus 7:4	And the two kidneys, and the fat that is on them, which is by the flanks, and the lobe that is above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take away:
Colossians 1:18	And he is the head of the body, the church: who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead; that in all things he might have the preeminence.
Psalm 119:44	So shall I keep your law continually for ever and ever.
Nehemiah 8:4	And Ezra the scribe stood on a pulpit of wood, which they had made for the purpose; and beside him stood Mattithiah, and Shema, and Anaiah, and Urijah, and Hilkiah, and Maaseiah, on his right hand; and on his left hand, Pedaiah, and Mishael, and Malchiah, and Hashum, and Hashbadana, Zechariah, and Meshullam.
Ezra 4:21	Give you now commandment to cause these men to cease, and that this city be not built, until another commandment shall be given from me.
Psalm 18:41	They cried, but there was none to save them: even to the LORD, but he answered them not.
Matthew 10:5	These twelve Jesus sent forth, and commanded them, saying, Go not into the way of the Gentiles, and into any city of the Samaritans enter you not:
Genesis 8:6	And it came to pass at the end of forty days, that Noah opened the window of the ark which he had made:
1 Corinthians 15:30	And why stand we in jeopardy every hour?
1 Kings 10:7	However, I believed not the words, until I came, and my eyes had seen it: and, behold, the half was not told me: your wisdom and prosperity exceeds the fame which I heard.
Numbers 15:30	But the soul that does ought presumptuously, whether he be born in the land, or a stranger, the same reproaches the LORD; and that soul shall be cut off from among his people.
Acts 16:5	And so were the churches established in the faith, and increased in number daily.
2 Chronicles 20:21	And when he had consulted with the people, he appointed singers to the LORD, and that should praise the beauty of holiness, as they went out before the army, and to say, Praise the LORD; for his mercy endures for ever.
Numbers 26:41	These are the sons of Benjamin after their families: and they that were numbered of them were forty and five thousand and six hundred.
Proverbs 15:33	The fear of the LORD is the instruction of wisdom; and before honor is humility.
2 Kings 14:12	And Judah was put to the worse before Israel; and they fled every man to their tents.
Proverbs 14:9	Fools make a mock at sin: but among the righteous there is favor.
Zechariah 4:10	For who has despised the day of small things? for they shall rejoice, and shall see the plummet in the hand of Zerubbabel with those seven; they are the eyes of the LORD, which run to and fro through the whole earth.
1 Samuel 20:13	The LORD do so and much more to Jonathan: but if it please my father to do you evil, then I will show it you, and send you away, that you may go in peace: and the LORD be with you, as he has been with my father.
Revelation 19:4	And the four and twenty elders and the four beasts fell down and worshipped God that sat on the throne, saying, Amen; Alleluia.
Proverbs 13:6	Righteousness keeps him that is upright in the way: but wickedness overthrows the sinner.
Numbers 11:22	Shall the flocks and the herds be slain for them, to suffice them? or shall all the fish of the sea be gathered together for them, to suffice them?
Romans 15:29	And I am sure that, when I come to you, I shall come in the fullness of the blessing of the gospel of Christ.
Acts 21:18	And the day following Paul went in with us to James; and all the elders were present.
Acts 2:19	And I will show wonders in heaven above, and signs in the earth beneath; blood, and fire, and vapor of smoke:
1 Chronicles 6:51	Bukki his son, Uzzi his son, Zerahiah his son,
Ezekiel 16:29	You have moreover multiplied your fornication in the land of Canaan to Chaldea; and yet you were not satisfied therewith.
Psalm 113:2	Blessed be the name of the LORD from this time forth and for ever more.
Psalm 2:1	Why do the heathen rage, and the people imagine a vain thing?
2 Samuel 7:10	Moreover I will appoint a place for my people Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more; neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them any more, as beforetime,
Judges 10:7	And the anger of the LORD was hot against Israel, and he sold them into the hands of the Philistines, and into the hands of the children of Ammon.
Matthew 15:32	Then Jesus called his disciples to him, and said, I have compassion on the multitude, because they continue with me now three days, and have nothing to eat: and I will not send them away fasting, lest they faint in the way.
Numbers 1:44	These are those that were numbered, which Moses and Aaron numbered, and the princes of Israel, being twelve men: each one was for the house of his fathers.
Song of Solomon 2:8	The voice of my beloved! behold, he comes leaping on the mountains, skipping on the hills.
Romans 11:19	You will say then, The branches were broken off, that I might be grafted in.
Exodus 6:30	And Moses said before the LORD, Behold, I am of uncircumcised lips, and how shall Pharaoh listen to me?
Numbers 3:8	And they shall keep all the instruments of the tabernacle of the congregation, and the charge of the children of Israel, to do the service of the tabernacle.
Matthew 26:43	And he came and found them asleep again: for their eyes were heavy.
1 Kings 11:11	Why the LORD said to Solomon, For as much as this is done of you, and you have not kept my covenant and my statutes, which I have commanded you, I will surely rend the kingdom from you, and will give it to your servant.
Genesis 44:13	Then they rent their clothes, and laded every man his ass, and returned to the city.
Joshua 21:16	And Ain with her suburbs, and Juttah with her suburbs, and Bethshemesh with her suburbs; nine cities out of those two tribes.
1 Kings 21:15	And it came to pass, when Jezebel heard that Naboth was stoned, and was dead, that Jezebel said to Ahab, Arise, take possession of the vineyard of Naboth the Jezreelite, which he refused to give you for money: for Naboth is not alive, but dead.
Ephesians 5:32	This is a great mystery: but I speak concerning Christ and the church.
Leviticus 7:7	As the sin offering is, so is the trespass offering: there is one law for them: the priest that makes atonement therewith shall have it.
Joshua 1:16	And they answered Joshua, saying, All that you command us we will do, and wherever you send us, we will go.
Zechariah 3:7	Thus said the LORD of hosts; If you will walk in my ways, and if you will keep my charge, then you shall also judge my house, and shall also keep my courts, and I will give you places to walk among these that stand by.
Romans 2:7	To them who by patient continuance in well doing seek for glory and honor and immortality, eternal life:
Psalm 96:5	For all the gods of the nations are idols: but the LORD made the heavens.
Psalm 38:16	For I said, Hear me, lest otherwise they should rejoice over me: when my foot slips, they magnify themselves against me.
1 Peter 3:12	For the eyes of the Lord are over the righteous, and his ears are open to their prayers: but the face of the Lord is against them that do evil.
Numbers 3:35	And the chief of the house of the father of the families of Merari was Zuriel the son of Abihail: these shall pitch on the side of the tabernacle northward.
Hebrews 12:3	For consider him that endured such contradiction of sinners against himself, lest you be wearied and faint in your minds.
Numbers 13:3	And Moses by the commandment of the LORD sent them from the wilderness of Paran: all those men were heads of the children of Israel.
Jeremiah 8:20	The harvest is past, the summer is ended, and we are not saved.
Nehemiah 7:10	The children of Arah, six hundred fifty and two.
Psalm 91:3	Surely he shall deliver you from the snare of the fowler, and from the noisome pestilence.
John 1:44	Now Philip was of Bethsaida, the city of Andrew and Peter.
1 Chronicles 9:42	And Ahaz begat Jarah; and Jarah begat Alemeth, and Azmaveth, and Zimri; and Zimri begat Moza;
Romans 1:2	(Which he had promised before by his prophets in the holy scriptures,)
Leviticus 19:17	You shall not hate your brother in your heart: you shall in any wise rebuke your neighbor, and not suffer sin on him.
Leviticus 4:8	And he shall take off from it all the fat of the bullock for the sin offering; the fat that covers the inwards, and all the fat that is on the inwards,
Psalm 83:3	They have taken crafty counsel against your people, and consulted against your hidden ones.
1 Samuel 5:1	And the Philistines took the ark of God, and brought it from Ebenezer to Ashdod.
Isaiah 34:8	For it is the day of the LORD’s vengeance, and the year of recompenses for the controversy of Zion.
Judges 3:3	Namely, five lords of the Philistines, and all the Canaanites, and the Sidonians, and the Hivites that dwelled in mount Lebanon, from mount Baalhermon to the entering in of Hamath.
Genesis 15:3	And Abram said, Behold, to me you have given no seed: and, see, one born in my house is my heir.
Hebrews 12:22	But you are come to mount Sion, and to the city of the living God, the heavenly Jerusalem, and to an innumerable company of angels,
2 Kings 12:7	Then king Jehoash called for Jehoiada the priest, and the other priests, and said to them, Why repair you not the breaches of the house? now therefore receive no more money of your acquaintance, but deliver it for the breaches of the house.
2 Chronicles 30:15	Then they killed the passover on the fourteenth day of the second month: and the priests and the Levites were ashamed, and sanctified themselves, and brought in the burnt offerings into the house of the LORD.
Isaiah 65:13	Therefore thus said the Lord GOD, Behold, my servants shall eat, but you shall be hungry: behold, my servants shall drink, but you shall be thirsty: behold, my servants shall rejoice, but you shall be ashamed:
Isaiah 35:7	And the parched ground shall become a pool, and the thirsty land springs of water: in the habitation of dragons, where each lay, shall be grass with reeds and rushes.
Isaiah 63:6	And I will tread down the people in my anger, and make them drunk in my fury, and I will bring down their strength to the earth.
Philippians 3:12	Not as though I had already attained, either were already perfect: but I follow after, if that I may apprehend that for which also I am apprehended of Christ Jesus.
Matthew 25:30	And cast you the unprofitable servant into outer darkness: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.
2 Chronicles 24:25	And when they were departed from him, (for they left him in great diseases,) his own servants conspired against him for the blood of the sons of Jehoiada the priest, and slew him on his bed, and he died: and they buried him in the city of David, but they buried him not in the sepulchers of the kings.
Deuteronomy 13:7	Namely, of the gods of the people which are round about you, near to you, or far off from you, from the one end of the earth even to the other end of the earth;
Genesis 4:11	And now are you cursed from the earth, which has opened her mouth to receive your brother’s blood from your hand;
John 1:2	The same was in the beginning with God.
Job 19:6	Know now that God has overthrown me, and has compassed me with his net.
Genesis 9:20	And Noah began to be an farmer, and he planted a vineyard:
Judges 20:39	And when the men of Israel retired in the battle, Benjamin began to smite and kill of the men of Israel about thirty persons: for they said, Surely they are smitten down before us, as in the first battle.
Ezekiel 16:21	That you have slain my children, and delivered them to cause them to pass through the fire for them?
Matthew 17:25	He said, Yes. And when he was come into the house, Jesus prevented him, saying, What think you, Simon? of whom do the kings of the earth take custom or tribute? of their own children, or of strangers?
1 Chronicles 1:38	And the sons of Seir; Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah, and Dishon, and Ezar, and Dishan.
Judges 9:31	And he sent messengers to Abimelech privately, saying, Behold, Gaal the son of Ebed and his brothers be come to Shechem; and, behold, they fortify the city against you.
Ezekiel 33:23	Then the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
2 Chronicles 25:21	So Joash the king of Israel went up; and they saw one another in the face, both he and Amaziah king of Judah, at Bethshemesh, which belongs to Judah.
John 19:17	And he bearing his cross went forth into a place called the place of a skull, which is called in the Hebrew Golgotha:
Proverbs 15:12	A scorner loves not one that reproves him: neither will he go to the wise.
1 Kings 8:40	That they may fear you all the days that they live in the land which you gave to our fathers.
2 Kings 2:21	And he went forth to the spring of the waters, and cast the salt in there, and said, Thus said the LORD, I have healed these waters; there shall not be from there any more death or barren land.
Genesis 48:6	And your issue, which you beget after them, shall be yours, and shall be called after the name of their brothers in their inheritance.
Jeremiah 26:10	When the princes of Judah heard these things, then they came up from the king’s house to the house of the LORD, and sat down in the entry of the new gate of the LORD’s house.
2 Samuel 17:22	Then David arose, and all the people that were with him, and they passed over Jordan: by the morning light there lacked not one of them that was not gone over Jordan.
Judges 13:16	And the angel of the LORD said to Manoah, Though you detain me, I will not eat of your bread: and if you will offer a burnt offering, you must offer it to the LORD. For Manoah knew not that he was an angel of the LORD.
Leviticus 20:15	And if a man lie with a beast, he shall surely be put to death: and you shall slay the beast.
Isaiah 42:2	He shall not cry, nor lift up, nor cause his voice to be heard in the street.
Matthew 20:5	Again he went out about the sixth and ninth hour, and did likewise.
Job 38:3	Gird up now your loins like a man; for I will demand of you, and answer you me.
1 Kings 7:39	And he put five bases on the right side of the house, and five on the left side of the house: and he set the sea on the right side of the house eastward over against the south.
2 Corinthians 12:21	And lest, when I come again, my God will humble me among you, and that I shall mourn many which have sinned already, and have not repented of the uncleanness and fornication and lasciviousness which they have committed.
Psalm 38:13	But I, as a deaf man, heard not; and I was as a dumb man that opens not his mouth.
Numbers 7:65	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Abidan the son of Gideoni.
Joshua 19:20	And Rabbith, and Kishion, and Abez,
1 Chronicles 14:2	And David perceived that the LORD had confirmed him king over Israel, for his kingdom was lifted up on high, because of his people Israel.
Leviticus 8:35	Therefore shall you abide at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation day and night seven days, and keep the charge of the LORD, that you die not: for so I am commanded.
Ezekiel 11:2	Then said he to me, Son of man, these are the men that devise mischief, and give wicked counsel in this city:
Jeremiah 15:15	O LORD, you know: remember me, and visit me, and revenge me of my persecutors; take me not away in your long-suffering: know that for your sake I have suffered rebuke.
Job 9:34	Let him take his rod away from me, and let not his fear terrify me:
Isaiah 32:3	And the eyes of them that see shall not be dim, and the ears of them that hear shall listen.
Esther 5:9	Then went Haman forth that day joyful and with a glad heart: but when Haman saw Mordecai in the king’s gate, that he stood not up, nor moved for him, he was full of indignation against Mordecai.
Luke 8:53	And they laughed him to scorn, knowing that she was dead.
Job 12:16	With him is strength and wisdom: the deceived and the deceiver are his.
1 Chronicles 12:23	And these are the numbers of the bands that were ready armed to the war, and came to David to Hebron, to turn the kingdom of Saul to him, according to the word of the LORD.
John 21:15	So when they had dined, Jesus said to Simon Peter, Simon, son of Jonas, love you me more than these? He said to him, Yes, Lord; you know that I love you. He said to him, Feed my lambs.
Psalm 91:11	For he shall give his angels charge over you, to keep you in all your ways.
Daniel 10:12	Then said he to me, Fear not, Daniel: for from the first day that you did set your heart to understand, and to chasten yourself before your God, your words were heard, and I am come for your words.
Judges 21:16	Then the elders of the congregation said, How shall we do for wives for them that remain, seeing the women are destroyed out of Benjamin?
Isaiah 33:24	And the inhabitant shall not say, I am sick: the people that dwell therein shall be forgiven their iniquity.
Luke 23:34	Then said Jesus, Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do. And they parted his raiment, and cast lots.
2 Chronicles 29:30	Moreover Hezekiah the king and the princes commanded the Levites to sing praise to the LORD with the words of David, and of Asaph the seer. And they sang praises with gladness, and they bowed their heads and worshipped.
Jeremiah 34:22	Behold, I will command, said the LORD, and cause them to return to this city; and they shall fight against it, and take it, and burn it with fire: and I will make the cities of Judah a desolation without an inhabitant.
Job 36:20	Desire not the night, when people are cut off in their place.
Mark 14:11	And when they heard it, they were glad, and promised to give him money. And he sought how he might conveniently betray him.
John 12:12	On the next day much people that were come to the feast, when they heard that Jesus was coming to Jerusalem,
Mark 13:7	And when you shall hear of wars and rumors of wars, be you not troubled: for such things must needs be; but the end shall not be yet.
Matthew 18:29	And his fellow servant fell down at his feet, and sought him, saying, Have patience with me, and I will pay you all.
Job 20:29	This is the portion of a wicked man from God, and the heritage appointed to him by God.
Romans 11:29	For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.
Acts 24:13	Neither can they prove the things whereof they now accuse me.
Mark 15:16	And the soldiers led him away into the hall, called Praetorium; and they call together the whole band.
John 17:24	Father, I will that they also, whom you have given me, be with me where I am; that they may behold my glory, which you have given me: for you loved me before the foundation of the world.
1 Timothy 5:14	I will therefore that the younger women marry, bear children, guide the house, give none occasion to the adversary to speak reproachfully.
Zechariah 6:2	In the first chariot were red horses; and in the second chariot black horses;
Hebrews 2:8	You have put all things in subjection under his feet. For in that he put all in subjection under him, he left nothing that is not put under him. But now we see not yet all things put under him.
Jeremiah 2:11	Has a nation changed their gods, which are yet no gods? but my people have changed their glory for that which does not profit.
Zephaniah 3:16	In that day it shall be said to Jerusalem, Fear you not: and to Zion, Let not your hands be slack.
Genesis 17:27	And all the men of his house, born in the house, and bought with money of the stranger, were circumcised with him.
1 Samuel 17:19	Now Saul, and they, and all the men of Israel, were in the valley of Elah, fighting with the Philistines.
Jude 1:7	Even as Sodom and Gomorrha, and the cities about them in like manner, giving themselves over to fornication, and going after strange flesh, are set forth for an example, suffering the vengeance of eternal fire.
Deuteronomy 2:23	And the Avims which dwelled in Hazerim, even to Azzah, the Caphtorims, which came forth out of Caphtor, destroyed them, and dwelled in their stead.)
Deuteronomy 2:19	And when you come near over against the children of Ammon, distress them not, nor meddle with them: for I will not give you of the land of the children of Ammon any possession; because I have given it to the children of Lot for a possession.
John 11:10	But if a man walk in the night, he stumbles, because there is no light in him.
Genesis 46:2	And God spoke to Israel in the visions of the night, and said, Jacob, Jacob. And he said, Here am I.
Job 36:14	They die in youth, and their life is among the unclean.
Numbers 8:19	And I have given the Levites as a gift to Aaron and to his sons from among the children of Israel, to do the service of the children of Israel in the tabernacle of the congregation, and to make an atonement for the children of Israel: that there be no plague among the children of Israel, when the children of Israel come near to the sanctuary.
Matthew 26:69	Now Peter sat without in the palace: and a damsel came to him, saying, You also were with Jesus of Galilee.
Genesis 46:10	And the sons of Simeon; Jemuel, and Jamin, and Ohad, and Jachin, and Zohar, and Shaul the son of a Canaanitish woman.
Exodus 8:8	Then Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron, and said, Entreat the LORD, that he may take away the frogs from me, and from my people; and I will let the people go, that they may do sacrifice to the LORD.
1 Chronicles 17:11	And it shall come to pass, when your days be expired that you must go to be with your fathers, that I will raise up your seed after you, which shall be of your sons; and I will establish his kingdom.
2 Kings 21:7	And he set a graven image of the grove that he had made in the house, of which the LORD said to David, and to Solomon his son, In this house, and in Jerusalem, which I have chosen out of all tribes of Israel, will I put my name for ever:
Psalm 102:22	When the people are gathered together, and the kingdoms, to serve the LORD.
1 Kings 22:23	Now therefore, behold, the LORD has put a lying spirit in the mouth of all these your prophets, and the LORD has spoken evil concerning you.
Proverbs 16:33	The lot is cast into the lap; but the whole disposing thereof is of the LORD.
Proverbs 1:26	I also will laugh at your calamity; I will mock when your fear comes;
1 Chronicles 24:15	The seventeenth to Hezir, the eighteenth to Aphses,
2 Kings 5:9	So Naaman came with his horses and with his chariot, and stood at the door of the house of Elisha.
Job 22:24	Then shall you lay up gold as dust, and the gold of Ophir as the stones of the brooks.
Judges 5:29	Her wise ladies answered her, yes, she returned answer to herself,
Acts 19:2	He said to them, Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? And they said to him, We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost.
1 Kings 1:5	Then Adonijah the son of Haggith exalted himself, saying, I will be king: and he prepared him chariots and horsemen, and fifty men to run before him.
Jeremiah 10:13	When he utters his voice, there is a multitude of waters in the heavens, and he causes the vapors to ascend from the ends of the earth; he makes lightning with rain, and brings forth the wind out of his treasures.
Ephesians 3:19	And to know the love of Christ, which passes knowledge, that you might be filled with all the fullness of God.
2 Chronicles 11:6	He built even Bethlehem, and Etam, and Tekoa,
2 Kings 1:18	Now the rest of the acts of Ahaziah which he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
Genesis 1:14	And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years:
Joshua 11:1	And it came to pass, when Jabin king of Hazor had heard those things, that he sent to Jobab king of Madon, and to the king of Shimron, and to the king of Achshaph,
Judges 16:1	Then went Samson to Gaza, and saw there an harlot, and went in to her.
1 Kings 4:30	And Solomon’s wisdom excelled the wisdom of all the children of the east country, and all the wisdom of Egypt.
Ezekiel 13:19	And will you pollute me among my people for handfuls of barley and for pieces of bread, to slay the souls that should not die, and to save the souls alive that should not live, by your lying to my people that hear your lies?
1 Samuel 11:3	And the elders of Jabesh said to him, Give us seven days’ respite, that we may send messengers to all the coasts of Israel: and then, if there be no man to save us, we will come out to you.
Numbers 15:2	Speak to the children of Israel, and say to them, When you be come into the land of your habitations, which I give to you,
Genesis 8:7	And he sent forth a raven, which went forth to and fro, until the waters were dried up from off the earth.
Psalm 140:6	I said to the LORD, You are my God: hear the voice of my supplications, O LORD.
Psalm 144:10	It is he that gives salvation to kings: who delivers David his servant from the hurtful sword.
1 Kings 13:20	And it came to pass, as they sat at the table, that the word of the LORD came to the prophet that brought him back:
Jeremiah 6:16	Thus said the LORD, Stand you in the ways, and see, and ask for the old paths, where is the good way, and walk therein, and you shall find rest for your souls. But they said, We will not walk therein.
Mark 11:9	And they that went before, and they that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna; Blessed is he that comes in the name of the Lord:
Psalm 89:6	For who in the heaven can be compared to the LORD? who among the sons of the mighty can be likened to the LORD?
Joel 1:2	Hear this, you old men, and give ear, all you inhabitants of the land. Has this been in your days, or even in the days of your fathers?
Jeremiah 32:17	Ah Lord GOD! behold, you have made the heaven and the earth by your great power and stretched out arm, and there is nothing too hard for you:
Numbers 29:11	One kid of the goats for a sin offering; beside the sin offering of atonement, and the continual burnt offering, and the meat offering of it, and their drink offerings.
Numbers 13:25	And they returned from searching of the land after forty days.
Numbers 35:19	The revenger of blood himself shall slay the murderer: when he meets him, he shall slay him.
Exodus 40:14	And you shall bring his sons, and clothe them with coats:
Micah 3:9	Hear this, I pray you, you heads of the house of Jacob, and princes of the house of Israel, that abhor judgment, and pervert all equity.
Matthew 25:38	When saw we you a stranger, and took you in? or naked, and clothed you?
Acts 5:12	And by the hands of the apostles were many signs and wonders worked among the people; (and they were all with one accord in Solomon’s porch.
Isaiah 55:3	Incline your ear, and come to me: hear, and your soul shall live; and I will make an everlasting covenant with you, even the sure mercies of David.
Daniel 10:8	Therefore I was left alone, and saw this great vision, and there remained no strength in me: for my comeliness was turned in me into corruption, and I retained no strength.
Nahum 2:5	He shall recount his worthies: they shall stumble in their walk; they shall make haste to the wall thereof, and the defense shall be prepared.
2 Kings 4:4	And when you are come in, you shall shut the door on you and on your sons, and shall pour out into all those vessels, and you shall set aside that which is full.
Leviticus 4:35	And he shall take away all the fat thereof, as the fat of the lamb is taken away from the sacrifice of the peace offerings; and the priest shall burn them on the altar, according to the offerings made by fire to the LORD: and the priest shall make an atonement for his sin that he has committed, and it shall be forgiven him.
2 Corinthians 3:17	Now the Lord is that Spirit: and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty.
Leviticus 27:20	And if he will not redeem the field, or if he have sold the field to another man, it shall not be redeemed any more.
Psalm 90:13	Return, O LORD, how long? and let it repent you concerning your servants.
Judges 21:14	And Benjamin came again at that time; and they gave them wives which they had saved alive of the women of Jabeshgilead: and yet so they sufficed them not.
2 Samuel 5:1	Then came all the tribes of Israel to David to Hebron, and spoke, saying, Behold, we are your bone and your flesh.
Leviticus 19:26	You shall not eat any thing with the blood: neither shall you use enchantment, nor observe times.
Numbers 20:10	And Moses and Aaron gathered the congregation together before the rock, and he said to them, Hear now, you rebels; must we fetch you water out of this rock?
Song of Solomon 5:2	I sleep, but my heart wakes: it is the voice of my beloved that knocks, saying, Open to me, my sister, my love, my dove, my undefiled: for my head is filled with dew, and my locks with the drops of the night.
Proverbs 18:19	A brother offended is harder to be won than a strong city: and their contentions are like the bars of a castle.
1 Corinthians 7:31	And they that use this world, as not abusing it: for the fashion of this world passes away.
Judges 20:40	But when the flame began to arise up out of the city with a pillar of smoke, the Benjamites looked behind them, and, behold, the flame of the city ascended up to heaven.
Psalm 119:140	Your word is very pure: therefore your servant loves it.
Jeremiah 17:1	The sin of Judah is written with a pen of iron, and with the point of a diamond: it is graven on the table of their heart, and on the horns of your altars;
Proverbs 24:3	Through wisdom is an house built; and by understanding it is established:
Deuteronomy 21:3	And it shall be, that the city which is next to the slain man, even the elders of that city shall take an heifer, which has not been worked with, and which has not drawn in the yoke;
Psalm 25:14	The secret of the LORD is with them that fear him; and he will show them his covenant.
Revelation 6:1	And I saw when the Lamb opened one of the seals, and I heard, as it were the noise of thunder, one of the four beasts saying, Come and see.
Luke 2:31	Which you have prepared before the face of all people;
Psalm 106:34	They did not destroy the nations, concerning whom the LORD commanded them:
Galatians 5:13	For, brothers, you have been called to liberty; only use not liberty for an occasion to the flesh, but by love serve one another.
Deuteronomy 2:9	And the LORD said to me, Distress not the Moabites, neither contend with them in battle: for I will not give you of their land for a possession; because I have given Ar to the children of Lot for a possession.
Joshua 16:3	And goes down westward to the coast of Japhleti, to the coast of Bethhoron the nether, and to Gezer; and the goings out thereof are at the sea.
Esther 9:10	The ten sons of Haman the son of Hammedatha, the enemy of the Jews, slew they; but on the spoil laid they not their hand.
Matthew 10:3	Philip, and Bartholomew; Thomas, and Matthew the publican; James the son of Alphaeus, and Lebbaeus, whose surname was Thaddaeus;
Amos 2:8	And they lay themselves down on clothes laid to pledge by every altar, and they drink the wine of the condemned in the house of their god.
Titus 2:3	The aged women likewise, that they be in behavior as becomes holiness, not false accusers, not given to much wine, teachers of good things;
Job 39:7	He scorns the multitude of the city, neither regards he the crying of the driver.
2 Chronicles 19:8	Moreover in Jerusalem did Jehoshaphat set of the Levites, and of the priests, and of the chief of the fathers of Israel, for the judgment of the LORD, and for controversies, when they returned to Jerusalem.
Ezekiel 11:10	You shall fall by the sword; I will judge you in the border of Israel; and you shall know that I am the LORD.
Exodus 22:3	If the sun be risen on him, there shall be blood shed for him; for he should make full restitution; if he have nothing, then he shall be sold for his theft.
Isaiah 63:19	We are yours: you never bore rule over them; they were not called by your name.
Psalm 135:2	You that stand in the house of the LORD, in the courts of the house of our God.
Luke 24:53	And were continually in the temple, praising and blessing God. Amen.
Zechariah 6:11	Then take silver and gold, and make crowns, and set them on the head of Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest;
Exodus 1:7	And the children of Israel were fruitful, and increased abundantly, and multiplied, and waxed exceeding mighty; and the land was filled with them.
Numbers 1:53	But the Levites shall pitch round about the tabernacle of testimony, that there be no wrath on the congregation of the children of Israel: and the Levites shall keep the charge of the tabernacle of testimony.
Ezekiel 43:22	And on the second day you shall offer a kid of the goats without blemish for a sin offering; and they shall cleanse the altar, as they did cleanse it with the bullock.
Matthew 23:29	Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! because you build the tombs of the prophets, and garnish the sepulchers of the righteous,
Ezekiel 19:4	The nations also heard of him; he was taken in their pit, and they brought him with chains to the land of Egypt.
Psalm 141:1	Lord, I cry to you: make haste to me; give ear to my voice, when I cry to you.
1 Corinthians 1:3	Grace be to you, and peace, from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.
Luke 20:47	Which devour widows’ houses, and for a show make long prayers: the same shall receive greater damnation.
2 Kings 2:4	And Elijah said to him, Elisha, tarry here, I pray you; for the LORD has sent me to Jericho. And he said, As the LORD lives, and as your soul lives, I will not leave you. So they came to Jericho.
2 Timothy 4:3	For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine; but after their own lusts shall they heap to themselves teachers, having itching ears;
John 13:10	Jesus said to him, He that is washed needs not save to wash his feet, but is clean every whit: and you are clean, but not all.
Nehemiah 7:61	And these were they which went up also from Telmelah, Telharesha, Cherub, Addon, and Immer: but they could not show their father’s house, nor their seed, whether they were of Israel.
Zechariah 3:9	For behold the stone that I have laid before Joshua; on one stone shall be seven eyes: behold, I will engrave the engraving thereof, said the LORD of hosts, and I will remove the iniquity of that land in one day.
Matthew 15:16	And Jesus said, Are you also yet without understanding?
1 Chronicles 4:10	And Jabez called on the God of Israel, saying, Oh that you would bless me indeed, and enlarge my coast, and that your hand might be with me, and that you would keep me from evil, that it may not grieve me! And God granted him that which he requested.
Joshua 6:5	And it shall come to pass, that when they make a long blast with the ram’s horn, and when you hear the sound of the trumpet, all the people shall shout with a great shout; and the wall of the city shall fall down flat, and the people shall ascend up every man straight before him.
Mark 3:16	And Simon he surnamed Peter;
Ephesians 6:15	And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace;
1 Thessalonians 4:17	Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord.
Jeremiah 18:20	Shall evil be recompensed for good? for they have dig a pit for my soul. Remember that I stood before you to speak good for them, and to turn away your wrath from them.
Psalm 131:2	Surely I have behaved and quieted myself, as a child that is weaned of his mother: my soul is even as a weaned child.
Numbers 22:30	And the ass said to Balaam, Am not I your ass, on which you have ridden ever since I was your to this day? was I ever wont to do so to you? And he said, No.
2 Kings 6:24	And it came to pass after this, that Benhadad king of Syria gathered all his host, and went up, and besieged Samaria.
2 Thessalonians 3:16	Now the Lord of peace himself give you peace always by all means. The Lord be with you all.
Joshua 10:23	And they did so, and brought forth those five kings to him out of the cave, the king of Jerusalem, the king of Hebron, the king of Jarmuth, the king of Lachish, and the king of Eglon.
Job 37:23	Touching the Almighty, we cannot find him out: he is excellent in power, and in judgment, and in plenty of justice: he will not afflict.
Nehemiah 8:1	And all the people gathered themselves together as one man into the street that was before the water gate; and they spoke to Ezra the scribe to bring the book of the law of Moses, which the LORD had commanded to Israel.
2 Samuel 13:15	Then Amnon hated her exceedingly; so that the hatred with which he hated her was greater than the love with which he had loved her. And Amnon said to her, Arise, be gone.
Revelation 2:7	He that has an ear, let him hear what the Spirit said to the churches; To him that overcomes will I give to eat of the tree of life, which is in the middle of the paradise of God.
Jeremiah 39:7	Moreover he put out Zedekiah’s eyes, and bound him with chains, to carry him to Babylon.
Deuteronomy 27:21	Cursed be he that lies with any manner of beast. And all the people shall say, Amen.
Isaiah 55:9	For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts.
Acts 2:22	You men of Israel, hear these words; Jesus of Nazareth, a man approved of God among you by miracles and wonders and signs, which God did by him in the middle of you, as you yourselves also know:
Psalm 92:15	To show that the LORD is upright: he is my rock, and there is no unrighteousness in him.
Leviticus 27:30	And all the tithe of the land, whether of the seed of the land, or of the fruit of the tree, is the LORD’s: it is holy to the LORD.
Judges 12:2	And Jephthah said to them, I and my people were at great strife with the children of Ammon; and when I called you, you delivered me not out of their hands.
Psalm 71:5	For you are my hope, O Lord GOD: you are my trust from my youth.
Deuteronomy 22:16	And the damsel’s father shall say to the elders, I gave my daughter to this man to wife, and he hates her;
Psalm 39:2	I was dumb with silence, I held my peace, even from good; and my sorrow was stirred.
2 Chronicles 6:21	Listen therefore to the supplications of your servant, and of your people Israel, which they shall make toward this place: hear you from your dwelling place, even from heaven; and when you hear, forgive.
Luke 6:10	And looking round about on them all, he said to the man, Stretch forth your hand. And he did so: and his hand was restored whole as the other.
Exodus 20:4	You shall not make to you any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth.
Nehemiah 6:14	My God, think you on Tobiah and Sanballat according to these their works, and on the prophetess Noadiah, and the rest of the prophets, that would have put me in fear.
Leviticus 3:13	And he shall lay his hand on the head of it, and kill it before the tabernacle of the congregation: and the sons of Aaron shall sprinkle the blood thereof on the altar round about.
Matthew 13:49	So shall it be at the end of the world: the angels shall come forth, and sever the wicked from among the just,
Mark 15:18	And began to salute him, Hail, King of the Jews!
Revelation 20:9	And they went up on the breadth of the earth, and compassed the camp of the saints about, and the beloved city: and fire came down from God out of heaven, and devoured them.
John 4:50	Jesus said to him, Go your way; your son lives. And the man believed the word that Jesus had spoken to him, and he went his way.
John 15:23	He that hates me hates my Father also.
Revelation 22:15	For without are dogs, and sorcerers, and fornicators, and murderers, and idolaters, and whoever loves and makes a lie.
Genesis 17:15	And God said to Abraham, As for Sarai your wife, you shall not call her name Sarai, but Sarah shall her name be.
Revelation 21:13	On the east three gates; on the north three gates; on the south three gates; and on the west three gates.
Numbers 13:32	And they brought up an evil report of the land which they had searched to the children of Israel, saying, The land, through which we have gone to search it, is a land that eats up the inhabitants thereof; and all the people that we saw in it are men of a great stature.
Numbers 31:16	Behold, these caused the children of Israel, through the counsel of Balaam, to commit trespass against the LORD in the matter of Peor, and there was a plague among the congregation of the LORD.
Isaiah 23:5	As at the report concerning Egypt, so shall they be sorely pained at the report of Tyre.
Genesis 5:1	This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created man, in the likeness of God made he him;
Isaiah 63:7	I will mention the loving kindnesses of the LORD, and the praises of the LORD, according to all that the LORD has bestowed on us, and the great goodness toward the house of Israel, which he has bestowed on them according to his mercies, and according to the multitude of his loving kindnesses.
Acts 16:16	And it came to pass, as we went to prayer, a certain damsel possessed with a spirit of divination met us, which brought her masters much gain by soothsaying:
Proverbs 27:3	A stone is heavy, and the sand weighty; but a fool’s wrath is heavier than them both.
Mark 3:21	And when his friends heard of it, they went out to lay hold on him: for they said, He is beside himself.
Genesis 21:13	And also of the son of the female slave will I make a nation, because he is your seed.
Psalm 88:16	Your fierce wrath goes over me; your terrors have cut me off.
Job 22:12	Is not God in the height of heaven? and behold the height of the stars, how high they are!
Psalm 19:13	Keep back your servant also from presumptuous sins; let them not have dominion over me: then shall I be upright, and I shall be innocent from the great transgression.
2 Samuel 23:32	Eliahba the Shaalbonite, of the sons of Jashen, Jonathan,
Joel 3:8	And I will sell your sons and your daughters into the hand of the children of Judah, and they shall sell them to the Sabeans, to a people far off: for the LORD has spoken it.
Galatians 4:11	I am afraid of you, lest I have bestowed on you labor in vain.
Deuteronomy 10:18	He does execute the judgment of the fatherless and widow, and loves the stranger, in giving him food and raiment.
1 Kings 4:34	And there came of all people to hear the wisdom of Solomon, from all kings of the earth, which had heard of his wisdom.
John 19:9	And went again into the judgment hall, and said to Jesus, From where are you? But Jesus gave him no answer.
Psalm 19:3	There is no speech nor language, where their voice is not heard.
Jeremiah 48:4	Moab is destroyed; her little ones have caused a cry to be heard.
Leviticus 23:14	And you shall eat neither bread, nor parched corn, nor green ears, until the selfsame day that you have brought an offering to your God: it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations in all your dwellings.
Luke 17:36	Two men shall be in the field; the one shall be taken, and the other left.
Leviticus 26:21	And if you walk contrary to me, and will not listen to me; I will bring seven times more plagues on you according to your sins.
Ecclesiastes 7:12	For wisdom is a defense, and money is a defense: but the excellency of knowledge is, that wisdom gives life to them that have it.
Psalm 78:16	He brought streams also out of the rock, and caused waters to run down like rivers.
Numbers 7:38	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:
Proverbs 18:11	The rich man’s wealth is his strong city, and as an high wall in his own conceit.
Psalm 24:9	Lift up your heads, O you gates; even lift them up, you everlasting doors; and the King of glory shall come in.
Job 10:8	Your hands have made me and fashioned me together round about; yet you do destroy me.
Psalm 119:171	My lips shall utter praise, when you have taught me your statutes.
1 Kings 17:12	And she said, As the LORD your God lives, I have not a cake, but an handful of meal in a barrel, and a little oil in a cruse: and, behold, I am gathering two sticks, that I may go in and dress it for me and my son, that we may eat it, and die.
Genesis 37:16	And he said, I seek my brothers: tell me, I pray you, where they feed their flocks.
Deuteronomy 33:15	And for the chief things of the ancient mountains, and for the precious things of the lasting hills,
Ezekiel 47:3	And when the man that had the line in his hand went forth eastward, he measured a thousand cubits, and he brought me through the waters; the waters were to the ankles.
Genesis 45:4	And Joseph said to his brothers, Come near to me, I pray you. And they came near. And he said, I am Joseph your brother, whom you sold into Egypt.
Acts 19:5	When they heard this, they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.
2 Chronicles 20:19	And the Levites, of the children of the Kohathites, and of the children of the Korhites, stood up to praise the LORD God of Israel with a loud voice on high.
Luke 1:80	And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, and was in the deserts till the day of his showing to Israel.
Mark 15:23	And they gave him to drink wine mingled with myrrh: but he received it not.
Isaiah 29:2	Yet I will distress Ariel, and there shall be heaviness and sorrow: and it shall be to me as Ariel.
Esther 6:7	And Haman answered the king, For the man whom the king delights to honor,
Deuteronomy 1:20	And I said to you, You are come to the mountain of the Amorites, which the LORD our God does give to us.
Proverbs 15:22	Without counsel purposes are disappointed: but in the multitude of counsellors they are established.
Romans 16:12	Salute Tryphena and Tryphosa, who labor in the Lord. Salute the beloved Persis, which labored much in the Lord.
Numbers 9:17	And when the cloud was taken up from the tabernacle, then after that the children of Israel journeyed: and in the place where the cloud stayed, there the children of Israel pitched their tents.
Psalm 28:9	Save your people, and bless your inheritance: feed them also, and lift them up for ever.
2 Samuel 10:17	And when it was told David, he gathered all Israel together, and passed over Jordan, and came to Helam. And the Syrians set themselves in array against David, and fought with him.
Isaiah 66:1	Thus said the LORD, The heaven is my throne, and the earth is my footstool: where is the house that you build to me? and where is the place of my rest?
John 5:23	That all men should honor the Son, even as they honor the Father. He that honors not the Son honors not the Father which has sent him.
Ezekiel 30:19	Thus will I execute judgments in Egypt: and they shall know that I am the LORD.
1 Kings 3:24	And the king said, Bring me a sword. And they brought a sword before the king.
Numbers 18:1	And the LORD said to Aaron, You and your sons and your father’s house with you shall bear the iniquity of the sanctuary: and you and your sons with you shall bear the iniquity of your priesthood.
Judges 4:18	And Jael went out to meet Sisera, and said to him, Turn in, my lord, turn in to me; fear not. And when he had turned in to her into the tent, she covered him with a mantle.
2 Kings 23:1	And the king sent, and they gathered to him all the elders of Judah and of Jerusalem.
Matthew 18:16	But if he will not hear you, then take with you one or two more, that in the mouth of two or three witnesses every word may be established.
1 Chronicles 7:13	The sons of Naphtali; Jahziel, and Guni, and Jezer, and Shallum, the sons of Bilhah.
Proverbs 1:17	Surely in vain the net is spread in the sight of any bird.
1 Samuel 14:12	And the men of the garrison answered Jonathan and his armor bearer, and said, Come up to us, and we will show you a thing. And Jonathan said to his armor bearer, Come up after me: for the LORD has delivered them into the hand of Israel.
Genesis 37:7	For, behold, we were binding sheaves in the field, and, see, my sheaf arose, and also stood upright; and, behold, your sheaves stood round about, and made obeisance to my sheaf.
Nehemiah 3:22	And after him repaired the priests, the men of the plain.
Luke 14:19	And another said, I have bought five yoke of oxen, and I go to prove them: I pray you have me excused.
Psalm 139:21	Do not I hate them, O LORD, that hate you? and am not I grieved with those that rise up against you?
Numbers 1:50	But you shall appoint the Levites over the tabernacle of testimony, and over all the vessels thereof, and over all things that belong to it: they shall bear the tabernacle, and all the vessels thereof; and they shall minister to it, and shall encamp round about the tabernacle.
Habakkuk 3:10	The mountains saw you, and they trembled: the overflowing of the water passed by: the deep uttered his voice, and lifted up his hands on high.
Matthew 10:8	Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils: freely you have received, freely give.
Job 34:30	That the hypocrite reign not, lest the people be ensnared.
Jeremiah 32:9	And I bought the field of Hanameel my uncle’s son, that was in Anathoth, and weighed him the money, even seventeen shekels of silver.
Deuteronomy 22:22	If a man be found lying with a woman married to an husband, then they shall both of them die, both the man that lay with the woman, and the woman: so shall you put away evil from Israel.
2 Kings 19:3	And they said to him, Thus said Hezekiah, This day is a day of trouble, and of rebuke, and blasphemy; for the children are come to the birth, and there is not strength to bring forth.
Luke 4:39	And he stood over her, and rebuked the fever; and it left her: and immediately she arose and ministered to them.
1 Samuel 23:21	And Saul said, Blessed be you of the LORD; for you have compassion on me.
Job 11:16	Because you shall forget your misery, and remember it as waters that pass away:
Job 30:15	Terrors are turned on me: they pursue my soul as the wind: and my welfare passes away as a cloud.
Jeremiah 14:22	Are there any among the vanities of the Gentiles that can cause rain? or can the heavens give showers? are not you he, O LORD our God? therefore we will wait on you: for you have made all these things.
Luke 23:5	And they were the more fierce, saying, He stirs up the people, teaching throughout all Jewry, beginning from Galilee to this place.
Ezra 10:33	Of the sons of Hashum; Mattenai, Mattathah, Zabad, Eliphelet, Jeremai, Manasseh, and Shimei.
Exodus 30:13	This they shall give, every one that passes among them that are numbered, half a shekel after the shekel of the sanctuary: (a shekel is twenty gerahs:) an half shekel shall be the offering of the LORD.
Jeremiah 30:1	The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD, saying,
Numbers 29:40	And Moses told the children of Israel according to all that the LORD commanded Moses.
Galatians 1:2	And all the brothers which are with me, to the churches of Galatia:
Genesis 5:4	And the days of Adam after he had begotten Seth were eight hundred years: and he begat sons and daughters:
Joshua 23:6	Be you therefore very courageous to keep and to do all that is written in the book of the law of Moses, that you turn not aside therefrom to the right hand or to the left;
Genesis 32:28	And he said, Your name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel: for as a prince have you power with God and with men, and have prevailed.
Mark 9:45	And if your foot offend you, cut it off: it is better for you to enter halt into life, than having two feet to be cast into hell, into the fire that never shall be quenched:
Matthew 5:25	Agree with your adversary quickly, whiles you are in the way with him; lest at any time the adversary deliver you to the judge, and the judge deliver you to the officer, and you be cast into prison.
Jeremiah 4:5	Declare you in Judah, and publish in Jerusalem; and say, Blow you the trumpet in the land: cry, gather together, and say, Assemble yourselves, and let us go into the defended cities.
Luke 21:22	For these be the days of vengeance, that all things which are written may be fulfilled.
Ezekiel 22:20	As they gather silver, and brass, and iron, and lead, and tin, into the middle of the furnace, to blow the fire on it, to melt it; so will I gather you in my anger and in my fury, and I will leave you there, and melt you.
Numbers 22:41	And it came to pass on the morrow, that Balak took Balaam, and brought him up into the high places of Baal, that there he might see the utmost part of the people.
Revelation 20:4	And I saw thrones, and they sat on them, and judgment was given to them: and I saw the souls of them that were beheaded for the witness of Jesus, and for the word of God, and which had not worshipped the beast, neither his image, neither had received his mark on their foreheads, or in their hands; and they lived and reigned with Christ a thousand years.
Isaiah 5:13	Therefore my people are gone into captivity, because they have no knowledge: and their honorable men are famished, and their multitude dried up with thirst.
Acts 19:3	And he said to them, To what then were you baptized? And they said, To John’s baptism.
Amos 7:13	But prophesy not again any more at Bethel: for it is the king’s chapel, and it is the king’s court.
2 Samuel 5:4	David was thirty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned forty years.
1 Chronicles 14:17	And the fame of David went out into all lands; and the LORD brought the fear of him on all nations.
Mark 1:28	And immediately his fame spread abroad throughout all the region round about Galilee.
Acts 26:1	Then Agrippa said to Paul, You are permitted to speak for yourself. Then Paul stretched forth the hand, and answered for himself:
Zechariah 14:6	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the light shall not be clear, nor dark:
Isaiah 4:3	And it shall come to pass, that he that is left in Zion, and he that remains in Jerusalem, shall be called holy, even every one that is written among the living in Jerusalem:
Psalm 83:16	Fill their faces with shame; that they may seek your name, O LORD.
Exodus 27:21	In the tabernacle of the congregation without the veil, which is before the testimony, Aaron and his sons shall order it from evening to morning before the LORD: it shall be a statute for ever to their generations on the behalf of the children of Israel.
John 16:20	Truly, truly, I say to you, That you shall weep and lament, but the world shall rejoice: and you shall be sorrowful, but your sorrow shall be turned into joy.
John 5:5	And a certain man was there, which had an infirmity thirty and eight years.
Luke 11:43	Woe to you, Pharisees! for you love the uppermost seats in the synagogues, and greetings in the markets.
Job 15:19	To whom alone the earth was given, and no stranger passed among them.
Job 29:9	The princes refrained talking, and laid their hand on their mouth.
1 Samuel 14:19	And it came to pass, while Saul talked to the priest, that the noise that was in the host of the Philistines went on and increased: and Saul said to the priest, Withdraw your hand.
Luke 18:21	And he said, All these have I kept from my youth up.
Numbers 22:23	And the ass saw the angel of the LORD standing in the way, and his sword drawn in his hand: and the ass turned aside out of the way, and went into the field: and Balaam smote the ass, to turn her into the way.
Luke 17:34	I tell you, in that night there shall be two men in one bed; the one shall be taken, and the other shall be left.
Colossians 1:21	And you, that were sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked works, yet now has he reconciled
Nahum 2:10	She is empty, and void, and waste: and the heart melts, and the knees smite together, and much pain is in all loins, and the faces of them all gather blackness.
Genesis 15:14	And also that nation, whom they shall serve, will I judge: and afterward shall they come out with great substance.
Genesis 45:21	And the children of Israel did so: and Joseph gave them wagons, according to the commandment of Pharaoh, and gave them provision for the way.
2 Kings 9:35	And they went to bury her: but they found no more of her than the skull, and the feet, and the palms of her hands.
Exodus 12:48	And when a stranger shall sojourn with you, and will keep the passover to the LORD, let all his males be circumcised, and then let him come near and keep it; and he shall be as one that is born in the land: for no uncircumcised person shall eat thereof.
Romans 8:4	That the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.
Job 16:21	O that one might plead for a man with God, as a man pleads for his neighbor!
Luke 16:7	Then said he to another, And how much owe you? And he said, An hundred measures of wheat. And he said to him, Take your bill, and write fourscore.
Galatians 1:18	Then after three years I went up to Jerusalem to see Peter, and stayed with him fifteen days.
Ecclesiastes 7:18	It is good that you should take hold of this; yes, also from this withdraw not your hand: for he that fears God shall come forth of them all.
Matthew 20:32	And Jesus stood still, and called them, and said, What will you that I shall do to you?
Ezekiel 24:4	Gather the pieces thereof into it, even every good piece, the thigh, and the shoulder; fill it with the choice bones.
Matthew 26:44	And he left them, and went away again, and prayed the third time, saying the same words.
Genesis 8:16	Go forth of the ark, you, and your wife, and your sons, and your sons’ wives with you.
1 Samuel 12:11	And the LORD sent Jerubbaal, and Bedan, and Jephthah, and Samuel, and delivered you out of the hand of your enemies on every side, and you dwelled safe.
Isaiah 66:22	For as the new heavens and the new earth, which I will make, shall remain before me, said the LORD, so shall your seed and your name remain.
Luke 19:11	And as they heard these things, he added and spoke a parable, because he was near to Jerusalem, and because they thought that the kingdom of God should immediately appear.
Exodus 39:3	And they did beat the gold into thin plates, and cut it into wires, to work it in the blue, and in the purple, and in the scarlet, and in the fine linen, with cunning work.
Matthew 25:37	Then shall the righteous answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we you an hungered, and fed you? or thirsty, and gave you drink?
Exodus 16:24	And they laid it up till the morning, as Moses bade: and it did not stink, neither was there any worm therein.
Judges 14:2	And he came up, and told his father and his mother, and said, I have seen a woman in Timnath of the daughters of the Philistines: now therefore get her for me to wife.
Luke 12:11	And when they bring you to the synagogues, and to magistrates, and powers, take you no thought how or what thing you shall answer, or what you shall say:
Job 31:3	Is not destruction to the wicked? and a strange punishment to the workers of iniquity?
Job 2:1	Again there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the LORD, and Satan came also among them to present himself before the LORD.
Genesis 26:27	And Isaac said to them, Why come you to me, seeing you hate me, and have sent me away from you?
Genesis 44:31	It shall come to pass, when he sees that the lad is not with us, that he will die: and your servants shall bring down the gray hairs of your servant our father with sorrow to the grave.
Micah 5:12	And I will cut off witchcrafts out of your hand; and you shall have no more soothsayers:
Ruth 4:21	And Salmon begat Boaz, and Boaz begat Obed,
Genesis 18:12	Therefore Sarah laughed within herself, saying, After I am waxed old shall I have pleasure, my lord being old also?
Numbers 3:48	And you shall give the money, with which the odd number of them is to be redeemed, to Aaron and to his sons.
1 Samuel 8:20	That we also may be like all the nations; and that our king may judge us, and go out before us, and fight our battles.
1 Corinthians 12:17	If the whole body were an eye, where were the hearing? If the whole were hearing, where were the smelling?
Psalm 79:1	O God, the heathen are come into your inheritance; your holy temple have they defiled; they have laid Jerusalem on heaps.
1 Samuel 16:23	And it came to pass, when the evil spirit from God was on Saul, that David took an harp, and played with his hand: so Saul was refreshed, and was well, and the evil spirit departed from him.
Genesis 28:20	And Jacob vowed a vow, saying, If God will be with me, and will keep me in this way that I go, and will give me bread to eat, and raiment to put on,
1 Chronicles 1:8	The sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, Put, and Canaan.
Genesis 16:13	And she called the name of the LORD that spoke to her, You God see me: for she said, Have I also here looked after him that sees me?
Numbers 32:13	And the LORD’s anger was kindled against Israel, and he made them wander in the wilderness forty years, until all the generation, that had done evil in the sight of the LORD, was consumed.
Proverbs 7:17	I have perfumed my bed with myrrh, aloes, and cinnamon.
Deuteronomy 16:19	You shall not wrest judgment; you shall not respect persons, neither take a gift: for a gift does blind the eyes of the wise, and pervert the words of the righteous.
Leviticus 21:4	But he shall not defile himself, being a chief man among his people, to profane himself.
Ezekiel 20:16	Because they despised my judgments, and walked not in my statutes, but polluted my sabbaths: for their heart went after their idols.
Deuteronomy 3:11	For only Og king of Bashan remained of the remnant of giants; behold his bedstead was a bedstead of iron; is it not in Rabbath of the children of Ammon? nine cubits was the length thereof, and four cubits the breadth of it, after the cubit of a man.
Deuteronomy 21:2	Then your elders and your judges shall come forth, and they shall measure to the cities which are round about him that is slain:
1 Kings 3:18	And it came to pass the third day after that I was delivered, that this woman was delivered also: and we were together; there was no stranger with us in the house, save we two in the house.
Genesis 39:4	And Joseph found grace in his sight, and he served him: and he made him overseer over his house, and all that he had he put into his hand.
2 Samuel 2:21	And Abner said to him, Turn you aside to your right hand or to your left, and lay you hold on one of the young men, and take you his armor. But Asahel would not turn aside from following of him.
Exodus 8:32	And Pharaoh hardened his heart at this time also, neither would he let the people go.
Job 16:3	Shall vain words have an end? or what emboldens you that you answer?
Mark 3:5	And when he had looked round about on them with anger, being grieved for the hardness of their hearts, he said to the man, Stretch forth your hand. And he stretched it out: and his hand was restored whole as the other.
Jeremiah 18:17	I will scatter them as with an east wind before the enemy; I will show them the back, and not the face, in the day of their calamity.
Romans 9:33	As it is written, Behold, I lay in Sion a stumbling stone and rock of offense: and whoever believes on him shall not be ashamed.
Matthew 1:17	So all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen generations; and from David until the carrying away into Babylon are fourteen generations; and from the carrying away into Babylon to Christ are fourteen generations.
Numbers 31:34	And three score and one thousand asses,
Numbers 4:2	Take the sum of the sons of Kohath from among the sons of Levi, after their families, by the house of their fathers,
1 Kings 3:25	And the king said, Divide the living child in two, and give half to the one, and half to the other.
1 Corinthians 11:13	Judge in yourselves: is it comely that a woman pray to God uncovered?
John 9:5	As long as I am in the world, I am the light of the world.
Mark 8:23	And he took the blind man by the hand, and led him out of the town; and when he had spit on his eyes, and put his hands on him, he asked him if he saw ought.
Jeremiah 48:16	The calamity of Moab is near to come, and his affliction hastens fast.
Luke 9:8	And of some, that Elias had appeared; and of others, that one of the old prophets was risen again.
1 Samuel 30:8	And David inquired at the LORD, saying, Shall I pursue after this troop? shall I overtake them? And he answered him, Pursue: for you shall surely overtake them, and without fail recover all.
Jeremiah 14:11	Then said the LORD to me, Pray not for this people for their good.
Mark 1:39	And he preached in their synagogues throughout all Galilee, and cast out devils.
Acts 28:16	And when we came to Rome, the centurion delivered the prisoners to the captain of the guard: but Paul was suffered to dwell by himself with a soldier that kept him.
Deuteronomy 25:4	You shall not muzzle the ox when he treads out the corn.
Leviticus 13:56	And if the priest look, and, behold, the plague be somewhat dark after the washing of it; then he shall rend it out of the garment, or out of the skin, or out of the warp, or out of the woof:
1 Samuel 1:21	And the man Elkanah, and all his house, went up to offer to the LORD the yearly sacrifice, and his vow.
1 Corinthians 4:15	For though you have ten thousand instructors in Christ, yet have you not many fathers: for in Christ Jesus I have begotten you through the gospel.
Job 12:1	And Job answered and said,
Mark 5:9	And he asked him, What is your name? And he answered, saying, My name is Legion: for we are many.
Exodus 15:27	And they came to Elim, where were twelve wells of water, and three score and ten palm trees: and they encamped there by the waters.
Luke 2:36	And there was one Anna, a prophetess, the daughter of Phanuel, of the tribe of Aser: she was of a great age, and had lived with an husband seven years from her virginity;
Joshua 14:12	Now therefore give me this mountain, whereof the LORD spoke in that day; for you heard in that day how the Anakims were there, and that the cities were great and fenced: if so be the LORD will be with me, then I shall be able to drive them out, as the LORD said.
Job 9:31	Yet shall you plunge me in the ditch, and my own clothes shall abhor me.
Galatians 1:8	But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel to you than that which we have preached to you, let him be accursed.
Psalm 135:18	They that make them are like to them: so is every one that trusts in them.
Ezekiel 11:11	This city shall not be your caldron, neither shall you be the flesh in the middle thereof; but I will judge you in the border of Israel:
Deuteronomy 28:49	The LORD shall bring a nation against you from far, from the end of the earth, as swift as the eagle flies; a nation whose tongue you shall not understand;
Isaiah 51:1	Listen to me, you that follow after righteousness, you that seek the LORD: look to the rock from where you are hewn, and to the hole of the pit from where you are dig.
Psalm 48:2	Beautiful for situation, the joy of the whole earth, is mount Zion, on the sides of the north, the city of the great King.
1 Kings 7:6	And he made a porch of pillars; the length thereof was fifty cubits, and the breadth thereof thirty cubits: and the porch was before them: and the other pillars and the thick beam were before them.
1 Chronicles 2:24	And after that Hezron was dead in Calebephratah, then Abiah Hezron’s wife bore him Ashur the father of Tekoa.
John 4:23	But the hour comes, and now is, when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth: for the Father seeks such to worship him.
Job 38:11	And said, Till now shall you come, but no further: and here shall your proud waves be stayed?
1 Corinthians 9:21	To them that are without law, as without law, (being not without law to God, but under the law to Christ,) that I might gain them that are without law.
1 Chronicles 16:35	And say you, Save us, O God of our salvation, and gather us together, and deliver us from the heathen, that we may give thanks to your holy name, and glory in your praise.
Matthew 4:3	And when the tempter came to him, he said, If you be the Son of God, command that these stones be made bread.
1 Kings 9:14	And Hiram sent to the king six score talents of gold.
Jeremiah 25:12	And it shall come to pass, when seventy years are accomplished, that I will punish the king of Babylon, and that nation, said the LORD, for their iniquity, and the land of the Chaldeans, and will make it perpetual desolations.
Exodus 14:30	Thus the LORD saved Israel that day out of the hand of the Egyptians; and Israel saw the Egyptians dead on the sea shore.
Exodus 30:10	And Aaron shall make an atonement on the horns of it once in a year with the blood of the sin offering of atonements: once in the year shall he make atonement on it throughout your generations: it is most holy to the LORD.
Ecclesiastes 4:16	There is no end of all the people, even of all that have been before them: they also that come after shall not rejoice in him. Surely this also is vanity and vexation of spirit.
James 4:17	Therefore to him that knows to do good, and does it not, to him it is sin.
Exodus 13:5	And it shall be when the LORD shall bring you into the land of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, which he swore to your fathers to give you, a land flowing with milk and honey, that you shall keep this service in this month.
Numbers 15:20	You shall offer up a cake of the first of your dough for an heave offering: as you do the heave offering of the threshing floor, so shall you heave it.
Genesis 32:23	And he took them, and sent them over the brook, and sent over that he had.
Judges 8:29	And Jerubbaal the son of Joash went and dwelled in his own house.
Jeremiah 16:21	Therefore, behold, I will this once cause them to know, I will cause them to know my hand and my might; and they shall know that my name is The LORD.
Leviticus 8:6	And Moses brought Aaron and his sons, and washed them with water.
Isaiah 26:10	Let favor be showed to the wicked, yet will he not learn righteousness: in the land of uprightness will he deal unjustly, and will not behold the majesty of the LORD.
Luke 6:33	And if you do good to them which do good to you, what thank have you? for sinners also do even the same.
1 Kings 6:17	And the house, that is, the temple before it, was forty cubits long.
Deuteronomy 4:30	When you are in tribulation, and all these things are come on you, even in the latter days, if you turn to the LORD your God, and shall be obedient to his voice;
Acts 20:4	And there accompanied him into Asia Sopater of Berea; and of the Thessalonians, Aristarchus and Secundus; and Gaius of Derbe, and Timotheus; and of Asia, Tychicus and Trophimus.
Psalm 55:18	He has delivered my soul in peace from the battle that was against me: for there were many with me.
Psalm 19:10	More to be desired are they than gold, yes, than much fine gold: sweeter also than honey and the honeycomb.
Isaiah 3:11	Woe to the wicked! it shall be ill with him: for the reward of his hands shall be given him.
Matthew 12:25	And Jesus knew their thoughts, and said to them, Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation; and every city or house divided against itself shall not stand:
Isaiah 22:3	All your rulers are fled together, they are bound by the archers: all that are found in you are bound together, which have fled from far.
John 6:2	And a great multitude followed him, because they saw his miracles which he did on them that were diseased.
Isaiah 45:21	Tell you, and bring them near; yes, let them take counsel together: who has declared this from ancient time? who has told it from that time? have not I the LORD? and there is no God else beside me; a just God and a Savior; there is none beside me.
2 Samuel 21:1	Then there was a famine in the days of David three years, year after year; and David inquired of the LORD. And the LORD answered, It is for Saul, and for his bloody house, because he slew the Gibeonites.
Jeremiah 32:25	And you have said to me, O Lord GOD, Buy you the field for money, and take witnesses; for the city is given into the hand of the Chaldeans.
Joshua 19:28	And Hebron, and Rehob, and Hammon, and Kanah, even to great Zidon;
Judges 18:12	And they went up, and pitched in Kirjathjearim, in Judah: why they called that place Mahanehdan to this day: behold, it is behind Kirjathjearim.
Daniel 2:7	They answered again and said, Let the king tell his servants the dream, and we will show the interpretation of it.
Jeremiah 40:5	Now while he was not yet gone back, he said, Go back also to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan, whom the king of Babylon has made governor over the cities of Judah, and dwell with him among the people: or go wherever it seems convenient to you to go. So the captain of the guard gave him victuals and a reward, and let him go.
Hosea 7:12	When they shall go, I will spread my net on them; I will bring them down as the fowls of the heaven; I will chastise them, as their congregation has heard.
Psalm 103:12	As far as the east is from the west, so far has he removed our transgressions from us.
Matthew 6:8	Be not you therefore like to them: for your Father knows what things you have need of, before you ask him.
2 Corinthians 5:12	For we commend not ourselves again to you, but give you occasion to glory on our behalf, that you may have somewhat to answer them which glory in appearance, and not in heart.
Job 38:38	When the dust grows into hardness, and the clods stuck fast together?
1 Kings 14:29	Now the rest of the acts of Rehoboam, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Amos 5:16	Therefore the LORD, the God of hosts, the LORD, said thus; Wailing shall be in all streets; and they shall say in all the highways, Alas! alas! and they shall call the farmer to mourning, and such as are skillful of lamentation to wailing.
Ezekiel 44:22	Neither shall they take for their wives a widow, nor her that is put away: but they shall take maidens of the seed of the house of Israel, or a widow that had a priest before.
Genesis 9:22	And Ham, the father of Canaan, saw the nakedness of his father, and told his two brothers without.
Jeremiah 27:19	For thus said the LORD of hosts concerning the pillars, and concerning the sea, and concerning the bases, and concerning the residue of the vessels that remain in this city.
Hosea 8:2	Israel shall cry to me, My God, we know you.
1 Samuel 23:23	See therefore, and take knowledge of all the lurking places where he hides himself, and come you again to me with the certainty, and I will go with you: and it shall come to pass, if he be in the land, that I will search him out throughout all the thousands of Judah.
2 Kings 21:10	And the LORD spoke by his servants the prophets, saying,
Matthew 9:31	But they, when they were departed, spread abroad his fame in all that country.
Genesis 5:30	And Lamech lived after he begat Noah five hundred ninety and five years, and begat sons and daughters:
Matthew 27:8	Why that field was called, The field of blood, to this day.
2 Samuel 5:17	But when the Philistines heard that they had anointed David king over Israel, all the Philistines came up to seek David; and David heard of it, and went down to the hold.
Numbers 1:42	Of the children of Naphtali, throughout their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Ezekiel 27:31	And they shall make themselves utterly bald for you, and gird them with sackcloth, and they shall weep for you with bitterness of heart and bitter wailing.
Acts 9:28	And he was with them coming in and going out at Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 23:15	The sons of Moses were, Gershom, and Eliezer.
Mark 6:8	And commanded them that they should take nothing for their journey, save a staff only; no money, no bread, no money in their purse:
2 Samuel 20:5	So Amasa went to assemble the men of Judah: but he tarried longer than the set time which he had appointed him.
Psalm 107:36	And there he makes the hungry to dwell, that they may prepare a city for habitation;
1 Kings 18:46	And the hand of the LORD was on Elijah; and he girded up his loins, and ran before Ahab to the entrance of Jezreel.
Genesis 31:11	And the angel of God spoke to me in a dream, saying, Jacob: And I said, Here am I.
Genesis 28:19	And he called the name of that place Bethel: but the name of that city was called Luz at the first.
Luke 23:29	For, behold, the days are coming, in the which they shall say, Blessed are the barren, and the wombs that never bore, and the breasts which never gave suck.
Genesis 14:19	And he blessed him, and said, Blessed be Abram of the most high God, possessor of heaven and earth:
Joshua 8:16	And all the people that were in Ai were called together to pursue after them: and they pursued after Joshua, and were drawn away from the city.
2 Chronicles 6:17	Now then, O LORD God of Israel, let your word be verified, which you have spoken to your servant David.
Colossians 1:12	Giving thanks to the Father, which has made us meet to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light:
Psalm 38:11	My lovers and my friends stand aloof from my sore; and my kinsmen stand afar off.
Leviticus 22:21	And whoever offers a sacrifice of peace offerings to the LORD to accomplish his vow, or a freewill offering in beeves or sheep, it shall be perfect to be accepted; there shall be no blemish therein.
Numbers 25:1	And Israel stayed in Shittim, and the people began to commit prostitution with the daughters of Moab.
Psalm 56:2	My enemies would daily swallow me up: for they be many that fight against me, O you most High.
Proverbs 14:2	He that walks in his uprightness fears the LORD: but he that is perverse in his ways despises him.
Jeremiah 25:18	To wit, Jerusalem, and the cities of Judah, and the kings thereof, and the princes thereof, to make them a desolation, an astonishment, an hissing, and a curse; as it is this day;
Psalm 78:68	But chose the tribe of Judah, the mount Zion which he loved.
Amos 5:13	Therefore the prudent shall keep silence in that time; for it is an evil time.
Jeremiah 36:18	Then Baruch answered them, He pronounced all these words to me with his mouth, and I wrote them with ink in the book.
Joshua 7:4	So there went up thither of the people about three thousand men: and they fled before the men of Ai.
Matthew 23:15	Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for you compass sea and land to make one proselyte, and when he is made, you make him twofold more the child of hell than yourselves.
Psalm 136:21	And gave their land for an heritage: for his mercy endures for ever:
1 Chronicles 19:15	And when the children of Ammon saw that the Syrians were fled, they likewise fled before Abishai his brother, and entered into the city. Then Joab came to Jerusalem.
Luke 19:10	For the Son of man is come to seek and to save that which was lost.
Job 31:40	Let thistles grow instead of wheat, and cockle instead of barley. The words of Job are ended.
Numbers 29:16	And one kid of the goats for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, his meat offering, and his drink offering.
Exodus 13:13	And every firstling of an ass you shall redeem with a lamb; and if you will not redeem it, then you shall break his neck: and all the firstborn of man among your children shall you redeem.
Acts 10:6	He lodges with one Simon a tanner, whose house is by the sea side: he shall tell you what you ought to do.
Nehemiah 13:7	And I came to Jerusalem, and understood of the evil that Eliashib did for Tobiah, in preparing him a chamber in the courts of the house of God.
Exodus 23:32	You shall make no covenant with them, nor with their gods.
Psalm 10:14	You have seen it; for you behold mischief and spite, to requite it with your hand: the poor commits himself to you; you are the helper of the fatherless.
1 Kings 17:21	And he stretched himself on the child three times, and cried to the LORD, and said, O LORD my God, I pray you, let this child’s soul come into him again.
Job 21:5	Mark me, and be astonished, and lay your hand on your mouth.
Luke 7:50	And he said to the woman, Your faith has saved you; go in peace.
Exodus 8:23	And I will put a division between my people and your people: to morrow shall this sign be.
Jeremiah 13:18	Say to the king and to the queen, Humble yourselves, sit down: for your principalities shall come down, even the crown of your glory.
Genesis 46:25	These are the sons of Bilhah, which Laban gave to Rachel his daughter, and she bore these to Jacob: all the souls were seven.
Isaiah 5:12	And the harp, and the viol, the tabret, and pipe, and wine, are in their feasts: but they regard not the work of the LORD, neither consider the operation of his hands.
Judges 17:4	Yet he restored the money to his mother; and his mother took two hundred shekels of silver, and gave them to the founder, who made thereof a graven image and a molten image: and they were in the house of Micah.
Genesis 35:22	And it came to pass, when Israel dwelled in that land, that Reuben went and lay with Bilhah his father’s concubine: and Israel heard it. Now the sons of Jacob were twelve:
1 Samuel 18:22	And Saul commanded his servants, saying, Commune with David secretly, and say, Behold, the king has delight in you, and all his servants love you: now therefore be the king’s son in law.
Proverbs 22:17	Bow down your ear, and hear the words of the wise, and apply your heart to my knowledge.
1 Samuel 17:18	And carry these ten cheeses to the captain of their thousand, and look how your brothers fare, and take their pledge.
1 Corinthians 1:25	Because the foolishness of God is wiser than men; and the weakness of God is stronger than men.
2 Chronicles 30:10	So the posts passed from city to city through the country of Ephraim and Manasseh even to Zebulun: but they laughed them to scorn, and mocked them.
Job 15:8	Have you heard the secret of God? and do you restrain wisdom to yourself?
Titus 2:2	That the aged men be sober, grave, temperate, sound in faith, in charity, in patience.
Deuteronomy 33:1	And this is the blessing, with which Moses the man of God blessed the children of Israel before his death.
Leviticus 25:11	A jubilee shall that fiftieth year be to you: you shall not sow, neither reap that which grows of itself in it, nor gather the grapes in it of your vine undressed.
Genesis 38:9	And Onan knew that the seed should not be his; and it came to pass, when he went in to his brother’s wife, that he spilled it on the ground, lest that he should give seed to his brother.
Zechariah 1:5	Your fathers, where are they? and the prophets, do they live for ever?
Hebrews 5:4	And no man takes this honor to himself, but he that is called of God, as was Aaron.
1 Samuel 26:4	David therefore sent out spies, and understood that Saul was come in very deed.
John 1:15	John bore witness of him, and cried, saying, This was he of whom I spoke, He that comes after me is preferred before me: for he was before me.
Joshua 17:5	And there fell ten portions to Manasseh, beside the land of Gilead and Bashan, which were on the other side Jordan;
Titus 3:2	To speak evil of no man, to be no brawlers, but gentle, showing all meekness to all men.
Numbers 6:24	The LORD bless you, and keep you:
Leviticus 15:14	And on the eighth day he shall take to him two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, and come before the LORD to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and give them to the priest:
Acts 7:49	Heaven is my throne, and earth is my footstool: what house will you build me? said the Lord: or what is the place of my rest?
Job 18:1	Then answered Bildad the Shuhite, and said,
Jeremiah 44:19	And when we burned incense to the queen of heaven, and poured out drink offerings to her, did we make her cakes to worship her, and pour out drink offerings to her, without our men?
Leviticus 27:5	And if it be from five years old even to twenty years old, then your estimation shall be of the male twenty shekels, and for the female ten shekels.
1 Samuel 12:2	And now, behold, the king walks before you: and I am old and gray headed; and, behold, my sons are with you: and I have walked before you from my childhood to this day.
1 Kings 17:11	And as she was going to fetch it, he called to her, and said, Bring me, I pray you, a morsel of bread in your hand.
Proverbs 24:14	So shall the knowledge of wisdom be to your soul: when you have found it, then there shall be a reward, and your expectation shall not be cut off.
Numbers 14:28	Say to them, As truly as I live, said the LORD, as you have spoken in my ears, so will I do to you:
1 Chronicles 24:25	The brother of Michah was Isshiah: of the sons of Isshiah; Zechariah.
1 John 5:19	And we know that we are of God, and the whole world lies in wickedness.
2 Corinthians 12:19	Again, think you that we excuse ourselves to you? we speak before God in Christ: but we do all things, dearly beloved, for your edifying.
Revelation 2:16	Repent; or else I will come to you quickly, and will fight against them with the sword of my mouth.
Nehemiah 10:36	Also the firstborn of our sons, and of our cattle, as it is written in the law, and the firstborn of our herds and of our flocks, to bring to the house of our God, to the priests that minister in the house of our God:
Deuteronomy 7:16	And you shall consume all the people which the LORD your God shall deliver you; your eye shall have no pity on them: neither shall you serve their gods; for that will be a snare to you.
Revelation 1:20	The mystery of the seven stars which you saw in my right hand, and the seven golden candlesticks. The seven stars are the angels of the seven churches: and the seven candlesticks which you saw are the seven churches.
Job 39:22	He mocks at fear, and is not affrighted; neither turns he back from the sword.
1 Peter 4:13	But rejoice, inasmuch as you are partakers of Christ’s sufferings; that, when his glory shall be revealed, you may be glad also with exceeding joy.
Psalm 106:6	We have sinned with our fathers, we have committed iniquity, we have done wickedly.
Acts 18:22	And when he had landed at Caesarea, and gone up, and saluted the church, he went down to Antioch.
1 Chronicles 9:8	And Ibneiah the son of Jeroham, and Elah the son of Uzzi, the son of Michri, and Meshullam the son of Shephathiah, the son of Reuel, the son of Ibnijah;
Micah 4:11	Now also many nations are gathered against you, that say, Let her be defiled, and let our eye look on Zion.
Judges 18:1	In those days there was no king in Israel: and in those days the tribe of the Danites sought them an inheritance to dwell in; for to that day all their inheritance had not fallen to them among the tribes of Israel.
Genesis 38:28	And it came to pass, when she travailed, that the one put out his hand: and the midwife took and bound on his hand a scarlet thread, saying, This came out first.
1 Kings 11:13	However, I will not rend away all the kingdom; but will give one tribe to your son for David my servant’s sake, and for Jerusalem’s sake which I have chosen.
Job 7:11	Therefore I will not refrain my mouth; I will speak in the anguish of my spirit; I will complain in the bitterness of my soul.
Numbers 30:10	And if she vowed in her husband’s house, or bound her soul by a bond with an oath;
Psalm 58:3	The wicked are estranged from the womb: they go astray as soon as they be born, speaking lies.
Acts 20:20	And how I kept back nothing that was profitable to you, but have showed you, and have taught you publicly, and from house to house,
Joshua 7:8	O LORD, what shall I say, when Israel turns their backs before their enemies!
John 3:23	And John also was baptizing in Aenon near to Salim, because there was much water there: and they came, and were baptized.
Job 15:1	Then answered Eliphaz the Temanite, and said,
Ezra 10:24	Of the singers also; Eliashib: and of the porters; Shallum, and Telem, and Uri.
2 Chronicles 11:21	And Rehoboam loved Maachah the daughter of Absalom above all his wives and his concubines: (for he took eighteen wives, and three score concubines; and begat twenty and eight sons, and three score daughters.)
Luke 8:36	They also which saw it told them by what means he that was possessed of the devils was healed.
Proverbs 6:7	Which having no guide, overseer, or ruler,
Proverbs 14:4	Where no oxen are, the crib is clean: but much increase is by the strength of the ox.
Genesis 26:5	Because that Abraham obeyed my voice, and kept my charge, my commandments, my statutes, and my laws.
1 Corinthians 7:19	Circumcision is nothing, and uncircumcision is nothing, but the keeping of the commandments of God.
Psalm 45:17	I will make your name to be remembered in all generations: therefore shall the people praise you for ever and ever.
Psalm 131:3	Let Israel hope in the LORD from now on and for ever.
Genesis 36:23	And the children of Shobal were these; Alvan, and Manahath, and Ebal, Shepho, and Onam.
Luke 23:31	For if they do these things in a green tree, what shall be done in the dry?
1 Kings 6:27	And he set the cherubim within the inner house: and they stretched forth the wings of the cherubim, so that the wing of the one touched the one wall, and the wing of the other cherub touched the other wall; and their wings touched one another in the middle of the house.
Isaiah 65:2	I have spread out my hands all the day to a rebellious people, which walks in a way that was not good, after their own thoughts;
Joshua 13:13	Nevertheless the children of Israel expelled not the Geshurites, nor the Maachathites: but the Geshurites and the Maachathites dwell among the Israelites until this day.
John 1:12	But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name:
Isaiah 37:15	And Hezekiah prayed to the LORD, saying,
Nehemiah 12:6	Shemaiah, and Joiarib, Jedaiah,
Isaiah 46:6	They lavish gold out of the bag, and weigh silver in the balance, and hire a goldsmith; and he makes it a god: they fall down, yes, they worship.
1 Chronicles 15:20	And Zechariah, and Aziel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Unni, and Eliab, and Maaseiah, and Benaiah, with psalteries on Alamoth;
John 13:38	Jesus answered him, Will you lay down your life for my sake? Truly, truly, I say to you, The cock shall not crow, till you have denied me thrice.
2 Chronicles 12:4	And he took the fenced cities which pertained to Judah, and came to Jerusalem.
2 Kings 9:21	And Joram said, Make ready. And his chariot was made ready. And Joram king of Israel and Ahaziah king of Judah went out, each in his chariot, and they went out against Jehu, and met him in the portion of Naboth the Jezreelite.
Ezekiel 23:41	And sat on a stately bed, and a table prepared before it, whereupon you have set my incense and my oil.
2 Chronicles 18:15	And the king said to him, How many times shall I adjure you that you say nothing but the truth to me in the name of the LORD?
Isaiah 16:8	For the fields of Heshbon languish, and the vine of Sibmah: the lords of the heathen have broken down the principal plants thereof, they are come even to Jazer, they wandered through the wilderness: her branches are stretched out, they are gone over the sea.
Proverbs 11:8	The righteous is delivered out of trouble, and the wicked comes in his stead.
Numbers 14:34	After the number of the days in which you searched the land, even forty days, each day for a year, shall you bear your iniquities, even forty years, and you shall know my breach of promise.
Song of Solomon 2:11	For, see, the winter is past, the rain is over and gone;
1 Kings 3:20	And she arose at midnight, and took my son from beside me, while your handmaid slept, and laid it in her bosom, and laid her dead child in my bosom.
Numbers 33:38	And Aaron the priest went up into mount Hor at the commandment of the LORD, and died there, in the fortieth year after the children of Israel were come out of the land of Egypt, in the first day of the fifth month.
Jeremiah 1:10	See, I have this day set you over the nations and over the kingdoms, to root out, and to pull down, and to destroy, and to throw down, to build, and to plant.
Mark 9:40	For he that is not against us is on our part.
Psalm 24:7	Lift up your heads, O you gates; and be you lift up, you everlasting doors; and the King of glory shall come in.
Leviticus 7:29	Speak to the children of Israel, saying, He that offers the sacrifice of his peace offerings to the LORD shall bring his oblation to the LORD of the sacrifice of his peace offerings.
2 Corinthians 2:1	But I determined this with myself, that I would not come again to you in heaviness.
2 Chronicles 11:18	And Rehoboam took him Mahalath the daughter of Jerimoth the son of David to wife, and Abihail the daughter of Eliab the son of Jesse;
Jeremiah 34:18	And I will give the men that have transgressed my covenant, which have not performed the words of the covenant which they had made before me, when they cut the calf in two, and passed between the parts thereof,
Genesis 47:3	And Pharaoh said to his brothers, What is your occupation? And they said to Pharaoh, Your servants are shepherds, both we, and also our fathers.
Psalm 69:36	The seed also of his servants shall inherit it: and they that love his name shall dwell therein.
1 Chronicles 28:11	Then David gave to Solomon his son the pattern of the porch, and of the houses thereof, and of the treasuries thereof, and of the upper chambers thereof, and of the inner parlors thereof, and of the place of the mercy seat,
Ezekiel 10:18	Then the glory of the LORD departed from off the threshold of the house, and stood over the cherubim.
Jeremiah 5:29	Shall I not visit for these things? said the LORD: shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as this?
Luke 22:12	And he shall show you a large upper room furnished: there make ready.
Hebrews 1:12	And as a clothing shall you fold them up, and they shall be changed: but you are the same, and your years shall not fail.
Ezekiel 28:9	Will you yet say before him that slays you, I am God? but you shall be a man, and no God, in the hand of him that slays you.
Numbers 19:22	And whatever the unclean person touches shall be unclean; and the soul that touches it shall be unclean until even.
2 Chronicles 29:21	And they brought seven bullocks, and seven rams, and seven lambs, and seven he goats, for a sin offering for the kingdom, and for the sanctuary, and for Judah. And he commanded the priests the sons of Aaron to offer them on the altar of the LORD.
Jeremiah 50:10	And Chaldea shall be a spoil: all that spoil her shall be satisfied, said the LORD.
Proverbs 3:21	My son, let not them depart from your eyes: keep sound wisdom and discretion:
Numbers 4:14	And they shall put on it all the vessels thereof, with which they minister about it, even the censers, the meat hooks, and the shovels, and the basins, all the vessels of the altar; and they shall spread on it a covering of badgers’ skins, and put to the staves of it.
1 Chronicles 25:29	The two and twentieth to Giddalti, he, his sons, and his brothers, were twelve:
1 Chronicles 28:17	Also pure gold for the meat hooks, and the bowls, and the cups: and for the golden basins he gave gold by weight for every basin; and likewise silver by weight for every basin of silver:
Matthew 11:30	For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.
Luke 8:28	When he saw Jesus, he cried out, and fell down before him, and with a loud voice said, What have I to do with you, Jesus, you Son of God most high? I beseech you, torment me not.
2 Samuel 7:29	Therefore now let it please you to bless the house of your servant, that it may continue for ever before you: for you, O Lord GOD, have spoken it: and with your blessing let the house of your servant be blessed for ever.
Jeremiah 36:2	Take you a roll of a book, and write therein all the words that I have spoken to you against Israel, and against Judah, and against all the nations, from the day I spoke to you, from the days of Josiah, even to this day.
Ezekiel 23:16	And as soon as she saw them with her eyes, she doted on them, and sent messengers to them into Chaldea.
Psalm 65:7	Which stills the noise of the seas, the noise of their waves, and the tumult of the people.
Hosea 8:14	For Israel has forgotten his Maker, and builds temples; and Judah has multiplied fenced cities: but I will send a fire on his cities, and it shall devour the palaces thereof.
1 Chronicles 8:33	And Ner begat Kish, and Kish begat Saul, and Saul begat Jonathan, and Malchishua, and Abinadab, and Eshbaal.
1 Chronicles 12:10	Mishmannah the fourth, Jeremiah the fifth,
Jeremiah 52:26	So Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard took them, and brought them to the king of Babylon to Riblah.
Leviticus 19:11	You shall not steal, neither deal falsely, neither lie one to another.
Leviticus 4:9	And the two kidneys, and the fat that is on them, which is by the flanks, and the lobe above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take away,
Matthew 10:26	Fear them not therefore: for there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; and hid, that shall not be known.
Romans 1:10	Making request, if by any means now at length I might have a prosperous journey by the will of God to come to you.
1 Samuel 2:35	And I will raise me up a faithful priest, that shall do according to that which is in my heart and in my mind: and I will build him a sure house; and he shall walk before my anointed for ever.
Numbers 16:13	Is it a small thing that you have brought us up out of a land that flows with milk and honey, to kill us in the wilderness, except you make yourself altogether a prince over us?
Romans 12:14	Bless them which persecute you: bless, and curse not.
Genesis 43:32	And they set on for him by himself, and for them by themselves, and for the Egyptians, which did eat with him, by themselves: because the Egyptians might not eat bread with the Hebrews; for that is an abomination to the Egyptians.
Daniel 7:8	I considered the horns, and, behold, there came up among them another little horn, before whom there were three of the first horns plucked up by the roots: and, behold, in this horn were eyes like the eyes of man, and a mouth speaking great things.
Matthew 21:21	Jesus answered and said to them, Truly I say to you, If you have faith, and doubt not, you shall not only do this which is done to the fig tree, but also if you shall say to this mountain, Be you removed, and be you cast into the sea; it shall be done.
1 Chronicles 22:5	And David said, Solomon my son is young and tender, and the house that is to be built for the LORD must be exceeding magnificent, of fame and of glory throughout all countries: I will therefore now make preparation for it. So David prepared abundantly before his death.
2 Chronicles 32:31	However, in the business of the ambassadors of the princes of Babylon, who sent to him to inquire of the wonder that was done in the land, God left him, to try him, that he might know all that was in his heart.
Exodus 14:5	And it was told the king of Egypt that the people fled: and the heart of Pharaoh and of his servants was turned against the people, and they said, Why have we done this, that we have let Israel go from serving us?
Psalm 50:18	When you saw a thief, then you consented with him, and have been partaker with adulterers.
Joshua 5:15	And the captain of the LORD’s host said to Joshua, Loose your shoe from off your foot; for the place where on you stand is holy. And Joshua did so.
Psalm 119:123	My eyes fail for your salvation, and for the word of your righteousness.
Proverbs 12:27	The slothful man roasts not that which he took in hunting: but the substance of a diligent man is precious.
Acts 22:4	And I persecuted this way to the death, binding and delivering into prisons both men and women.
Job 14:21	His sons come to honor, and he knows it not; and they are brought low, but he perceives it not of them.
Genesis 34:17	But if you will not listen to us, to be circumcised; then will we take our daughter, and we will be gone.
James 3:9	Therewith bless we God, even the Father; and therewith curse we men, which are made after the similitude of God.
1 Samuel 5:9	And it was so, that, after they had carried it about, the hand of the LORD was against the city with a very great destruction: and he smote the men of the city, both small and great, and they had tumors in their secret parts.
Numbers 10:31	And he said, Leave us not, I pray you; for as much as you know how we are to encamp in the wilderness, and you may be to us instead of eyes.
1 Samuel 14:24	And the men of Israel were distressed that day: for Saul had adjured the people, saying, Cursed be the man that eats any food until evening, that I may be avenged on my enemies. So none of the people tasted any food.
Matthew 23:30	And say, If we had been in the days of our fathers, we would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets.
Psalm 91:16	With long life will I satisfy him, and show him my salvation.
Psalm 109:6	Set you a wicked man over him: and let Satan stand at his right hand.
Jeremiah 27:14	Therefore listen not to the words of the prophets that speak to you, saying, You shall not serve the king of Babylon: for they prophesy a lie to you.
Acts 28:31	Preaching the kingdom of God, and teaching those things which concern the Lord Jesus Christ, with all confidence, no man forbidding him.
Joshua 2:15	Then she let them down by a cord through the window: for her house was on the town wall, and she dwelled on the wall.
Luke 12:39	And this know, that if the manager of the house had known what hour the thief would come, he would have watched, and not have suffered his house to be broken through.
Ezekiel 41:18	And it was made with cherubim and palm trees, so that a palm tree was between a cherub and a cherub; and every cherub had two faces;
Genesis 40:11	And Pharaoh’s cup was in my hand: and I took the grapes, and pressed them into Pharaoh’s cup, and I gave the cup into Pharaoh’s hand.
1 Kings 12:24	Thus said the LORD, You shall not go up, nor fight against your brothers the children of Israel: return every man to his house; for this thing is from me. They listened therefore to the word of the LORD, and returned to depart, according to the word of the LORD.
Job 10:7	You know that I am not wicked; and there is none that can deliver out of your hand.
Jeremiah 46:9	Come up, you horses; and rage, you chariots; and let the mighty men come forth; the Ethiopians and the Libyans, that handle the shield; and the Lydians, that handle and bend the bow.
Isaiah 41:25	I have raised up one from the north, and he shall come: from the rising of the sun shall he call on my name: and he shall come on princes as on mortar, and as the potter treads clay.
1 Samuel 22:11	Then the king sent to call Ahimelech the priest, the son of Ahitub, and all his father’s house, the priests that were in Nob: and they came all of them to the king.
Matthew 26:25	Then Judas, which betrayed him, answered and said, Master, is it I? He said to him, You have said.
2 Chronicles 6:38	If they return to you with all their heart and with all their soul in the land of their captivity, where they have carried them captives, and pray toward their land, which you gave to their fathers, and toward the city which you have chosen, and toward the house which I have built for your name:
Luke 7:14	And he came and touched the bier: and they that bore him stood still. And he said, Young man, I say to you, Arise.
Exodus 15:6	Your right hand, O LORD, is become glorious in power: your right hand, O LORD, has dashed in pieces the enemy.
Zephaniah 1:3	I will consume man and beast; I will consume the fowls of the heaven, and the fishes of the sea, and the stumbling blocks with the wicked: and I will cut off man from off the land, said the LORD.
Psalm 92:2	To show forth your loving kindness in the morning, and your faithfulness every night,
Luke 11:53	And as he said these things to them, the scribes and the Pharisees began to urge him vehemently, and to provoke him to speak of many things:
Isaiah 24:20	The earth shall reel to and fro like a drunkard, and shall be removed like a cottage; and the transgression thereof shall be heavy on it; and it shall fall, and not rise again.
Genesis 15:18	In the same day the LORD made a covenant with Abram, saying, To your seed have I given this land, from the river of Egypt to the great river, the river Euphrates:
Jeremiah 50:19	And I will bring Israel again to his habitation, and he shall feed on Carmel and Bashan, and his soul shall be satisfied on mount Ephraim and Gilead.
Ezekiel 22:4	You are become guilty in your blood that you have shed; and have defiled yourself in your idols which you have made; and you have caused your days to draw near, and are come even to your years: therefore have I made you a reproach to the heathen, and a mocking to all countries.
Isaiah 14:18	All the kings of the nations, even all of them, lie in glory, every one in his own house.
Job 30:17	My bones are pierced in me in the night season: and my sinews take no rest.
Matthew 25:31	When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit on the throne of his glory:
1 Samuel 17:55	And when Saul saw David go forth against the Philistine, he said to Abner, the captain of the host, Abner, whose son is this youth? And Abner said, As your soul lives, O king, I cannot tell.
Exodus 27:11	And likewise for the north side in length there shall be hangings of an hundred cubits long, and his twenty pillars and their twenty sockets of brass; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets of silver.
Luke 4:11	And in their hands they shall bear you up, lest at any time you dash your foot against a stone.
Jeremiah 42:4	Then Jeremiah the prophet said to them, I have heard you; behold, I will pray to the LORD your God according to your words; and it shall come to pass, that whatever thing the LORD shall answer you, I will declare it to you; I will keep nothing back from you.
Jeremiah 30:5	For thus said the LORD; We have heard a voice of trembling, of fear, and not of peace.
1 Chronicles 1:51	Hadad died also. And the dukes of Edom were; duke Timnah, duke Aliah, duke Jetheth,
Nehemiah 4:14	And I looked, and rose up, and said to the nobles, and to the rulers, and to the rest of the people, Be not you afraid of them: remember the LORD, which is great and terrible, and fight for your brothers, your sons, and your daughters, your wives, and your houses.
1 Chronicles 2:27	And the sons of Ram the firstborn of Jerahmeel were, Maaz, and Jamin, and Eker.
Ezra 4:13	Be it known now to the king, that, if this city be built, and the walls set up again, then will they not pay toll, tribute, and custom, and so you shall damage the revenue of the kings.
Numbers 34:3	Then your south quarter shall be from the wilderness of Zin along by the coast of Edom, and your south border shall be the outmost coast of the salt sea eastward:
Psalm 142:4	I looked on my right hand, and beheld, but there was no man that would know me: refuge failed me; no man cared for my soul.
Proverbs 10:30	The righteous shall never be removed: but the wicked shall not inhabit the earth.
Ecclesiastes 10:18	By much slothfulness the building decays; and through idleness of the hands the house drops through.
Song of Solomon 2:15	Take us the foxes, the little foxes, that spoil the vines: for our vines have tender grapes.
Psalm 119:80	Let my heart be sound in your statutes; that I be not ashamed.
1 Chronicles 12:25	Of the children of Simeon, mighty men of valor for the war, seven thousand and one hundred.
Exodus 24:4	And Moses wrote all the words of the LORD, and rose up early in the morning, and built an altar under the hill, and twelve pillars, according to the twelve tribes of Israel.
Leviticus 25:20	And if you shall say, What shall we eat the seventh year? behold, we shall not sow, nor gather in our increase:
Psalm 77:2	In the day of my trouble I sought the Lord: my sore ran in the night, and ceased not: my soul refused to be comforted.
Genesis 49:18	I have waited for your salvation, O LORD.
Mark 4:21	And he said to them, Is a candle brought to be put under a bushel, or under a bed? and not to be set on a candlestick?
Ezra 10:37	Mattaniah, Mattenai, and Jaasau,
Mark 7:19	Because it enters not into his heart, but into the belly, and goes out into the draught, purging all meats?
Psalm 103:5	Who satisfies your mouth with good things; so that your youth is renewed like the eagle’s.
Numbers 3:34	And those that were numbered of them, according to the number of all the males, from a month old and upward, were six thousand and two hundred.
Judges 1:17	And Judah went with Simeon his brother, and they slew the Canaanites that inhabited Zephath, and utterly destroyed it. And the name of the city was called Hormah.
Exodus 26:13	And a cubit on the one side, and a cubit on the other side of that which remains in the length of the curtains of the tent, it shall hang over the sides of the tabernacle on this side and on that side, to cover it.
1 Chronicles 14:13	And the Philistines yet again spread themselves abroad in the valley.
Deuteronomy 22:23	If a damsel that is a virgin be betrothed to an husband, and a man find her in the city, and lie with her;
Haggai 2:11	Thus said the LORD of hosts; Ask now the priests concerning the law, saying,
Job 38:22	Have you entered into the treasures of the snow? or have you seen the treasures of the hail,
Psalm 109:26	Help me, O LORD my God: O save me according to your mercy:
1 Samuel 15:24	And Saul said to Samuel, I have sinned: for I have transgressed the commandment of the LORD, and your words: because I feared the people, and obeyed their voice.
Leviticus 6:9	Command Aaron and his sons, saying, This is the law of the burnt offering: It is the burnt offering, because of the burning on the altar all night to the morning, and the fire of the altar shall be burning in it.
1 Kings 21:22	And will make your house like the house of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, and like the house of Baasha the son of Ahijah, for the provocation with which you have provoked me to anger, and made Israel to sin.
Joshua 10:11	And it came to pass, as they fled from before Israel, and were in the going down to Bethhoron, that the LORD cast down great stones from heaven on them to Azekah, and they died: they were more which died with hailstones than they whom the children of Israel slew with the sword.
John 11:37	And some of them said, Could not this man, which opened the eyes of the blind, have caused that even this man should not have died?
Matthew 9:16	No man puts a piece of new cloth to an old garment, for that which is put in to fill it up takes from the garment, and the rent is made worse.
Exodus 12:32	Also take your flocks and your herds, as you have said, and be gone; and bless me also.
Revelation 18:17	For in one hour so great riches is come to nothing. And every shipmaster, and all the company in ships, and sailors, and as many as trade by sea, stood afar off,
Matthew 13:46	Who, when he had found one pearl of great price, went and sold all that he had, and bought it.
1 Chronicles 11:1	Then all Israel gathered themselves to David to Hebron, saying, Behold, we are your bone and your flesh.
Mark 9:11	And they asked him, saying, Why say the scribes that Elias must first come?
Psalm 27:12	Deliver me not over to the will of my enemies: for false witnesses are risen up against me, and such as breathe out cruelty.
1 Thessalonians 2:1	For yourselves, brothers, know our entrance in to you, that it was not in vain:
Luke 1:18	And Zacharias said to the angel, Whereby shall I know this? for I am an old man, and my wife well stricken in years.
1 Samuel 3:20	And all Israel from Dan even to Beersheba knew that Samuel was established to be a prophet of the LORD.
1 Samuel 24:4	And the men of David said to him, Behold the day of which the LORD said to you, Behold, I will deliver your enemy into your hand, that you may do to him as it shall seem good to you. Then David arose, and cut off the skirt of Saul’s robe privately.
Esther 2:2	Then said the king’s servants that ministered to him, Let there be fair young virgins sought for the king:
2 Corinthians 8:18	And we have sent with him the brother, whose praise is in the gospel throughout all the churches;
Isaiah 41:27	The first shall say to Zion, Behold, behold them: and I will give to Jerusalem one that brings good tidings.
Matthew 9:12	But when Jesus heard that, he said to them, They that be whole need not a physician, but they that are sick.
John 20:14	And when she had thus said, she turned herself back, and saw Jesus standing, and knew not that it was Jesus.
Psalm 105:27	They showed his signs among them, and wonders in the land of Ham.
Jeremiah 5:14	Why thus said the LORD God of hosts, Because you speak this word, behold, I will make my words in your mouth fire, and this people wood, and it shall devour them.
Luke 2:18	And all they that heard it wondered at those things which were told them by the shepherds.
Hebrews 12:16	Lest there be any fornicator, or profane person, as Esau, who for one morsel of meat sold his birthright.
Leviticus 14:37	And he shall look on the plague, and, behold, if the plague be in the walls of the house with hollow strakes, greenish or reddish, which in sight are lower than the wall;
2 Kings 9:33	And he said, Throw her down. So they threw her down: and some of her blood was sprinkled on the wall, and on the horses: and he stepped her under foot.
2 Timothy 4:17	Notwithstanding the Lord stood with me, and strengthened me; that by me the preaching might be fully known, and that all the Gentiles might hear: and I was delivered out of the mouth of the lion.
Jeremiah 49:17	Also Edom shall be a desolation: every one that goes by it shall be astonished, and shall hiss at all the plagues thereof.
Jeremiah 36:32	Then took Jeremiah another roll, and gave it to Baruch the scribe, the son of Neriah; who wrote therein from the mouth of Jeremiah all the words of the book which Jehoiakim king of Judah had burned in the fire: and there were added besides to them many like words.
Matthew 26:17	Now the first day of the feast of unleavened bread the disciples came to Jesus, saying to him, Where will you that we prepare for you to eat the passover?
Psalm 98:8	Let the floods clap their hands: let the hills be joyful together
Daniel 1:20	And in all matters of wisdom and understanding, that the king inquired of them, he found them ten times better than all the magicians and astrologers that were in all his realm.
John 5:14	Afterward Jesus finds him in the temple, and said to him, Behold, you are made whole: sin no more, lest a worse thing come to you.
Job 38:39	Will you hunt the prey for the lion? or fill the appetite of the young lions,
Exodus 16:30	So the people rested on the seventh day.
Matthew 9:15	And Jesus said to them, Can the children of the bridal chamber mourn, as long as the bridegroom is with them? but the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken from them, and then shall they fast.
Daniel 4:37	Now I Nebuchadnezzar praise and extol and honor the King of heaven, all whose works are truth, and his ways judgment: and those that walk in pride he is able to abase.
Psalm 49:19	He shall go to the generation of his fathers; they shall never see light.
1 Kings 7:7	Then he made a porch for the throne where he might judge, even the porch of judgment: and it was covered with cedar from one side of the floor to the other.
Isaiah 56:8	The Lord GOD, which gathers the outcasts of Israel said, Yet will I gather others to him, beside those that are gathered to him.
Deuteronomy 13:5	And that prophet, or that dreamer of dreams, shall be put to death; because he has spoken to turn you away from the LORD your God, which brought you out of the land of Egypt, and redeemed you out of the house of bondage, to thrust you out of the way which the LORD your God commanded you to walk in. So shall you put the evil away from the middle of you.
Jude 1:3	Beloved, when I gave all diligence to write to you of the common salvation, it was needful for me to write to you, and exhort you that you should earnestly contend for the faith which was once delivered to the saints.
Luke 15:11	And he said, A certain man had two sons:
Zechariah 13:1	In that day there shall be a fountain opened to the house of David and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem for sin and for uncleanness.
Ezekiel 42:4	And before the chambers was a walk to ten cubits breadth inward, a way of one cubit; and their doors toward the north.
Ezekiel 29:5	And I will leave you thrown into the wilderness, you and all the fish of your rivers: you shall fall on the open fields; you shall not be brought together, nor gathered: I have given you for meat to the beasts of the field and to the fowls of the heaven.
Proverbs 15:25	The LORD will destroy the house of the proud: but he will establish the border of the widow.
Isaiah 62:4	You shall no more be termed Forsaken; neither shall your land any more be termed Desolate: but you shall be called Hephzibah, and your land Beulah: for the LORD delights in you, and your land shall be married.
Numbers 10:35	And it came to pass, when the ark set forward, that Moses said, Rise up, LORD, and let your enemies be scattered; and let them that hate you flee before you.
2 Samuel 2:15	Then there arose and went over by number twelve of Benjamin, which pertained to Ishbosheth the son of Saul, and twelve of the servants of David.
2 Corinthians 3:16	Nevertheless when it shall turn to the Lord, the veil shall be taken away.
Joshua 24:8	And I brought you into the land of the Amorites, which dwelled on the other side Jordan; and they fought with you: and I gave them into your hand, that you might possess their land; and I destroyed them from before you.
Jeremiah 52:23	And there were ninety and six pomegranates on a side; and all the pomegranates on the network were an hundred round about.
Ephesians 3:9	And to make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery, which from the beginning of the world has been hid in God, who created all things by Jesus Christ:
2 Chronicles 17:19	These waited on the king, beside those whom the king put in the fenced cities throughout all Judah.
1 Kings 2:13	And Adonijah the son of Haggith came to Bathsheba the mother of Solomon. And she said, Come you peaceably? And he said, Peaceably.
Psalm 145:19	He will fulfill the desire of them that fear him: he also will hear their cry, and will save them.
Acts 8:17	Then laid they their hands on them, and they received the Holy Ghost.
Luke 19:46	Saying to them, It is written, My house is the house of prayer: but you have made it a den of thieves.
Luke 11:29	And when the people were gathered thick together, he began to say, This is an evil generation: they seek a sign; and there shall no sign be given it, but the sign of Jonas the prophet.
Genesis 13:10	And Lot lifted up his eyes, and beheld all the plain of Jordan, that it was well watered every where, before the LORD destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah, even as the garden of the LORD, like the land of Egypt, as you come to Zoar.
Exodus 9:29	And Moses said to him, As soon as I am gone out of the city, I will spread abroad my hands to the LORD; and the thunder shall cease, neither shall there be any more hail; that you may know how that the earth is the LORD’s.
Acts 20:1	And after the uproar was ceased, Paul called to him the disciples, and embraced them, and departed for to go into Macedonia.
Job 22:1	Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered and said,
Jeremiah 22:14	That said, I will build me a wide house and large chambers, and cuts him out windows; and it is paneled with cedar, and painted with vermilion.
Jeremiah 17:3	O my mountain in the field, I will give your substance and all your treasures to the spoil, and your high places for sin, throughout all your borders.
Romans 14:17	For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink; but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost.
Mark 13:18	And pray you that your flight be not in the winter.
Judges 5:8	They chose new gods; then was war in the gates: was there a shield or spear seen among forty thousand in Israel?
Judges 10:4	And he had thirty sons that rode on thirty ass colts, and they had thirty cities, which are called Havothjair to this day, which are in the land of Gilead.
Genesis 44:2	And put my cup, the silver cup, in the sack’s mouth of the youngest, and his corn money. And he did according to the word that Joseph had spoken.
Numbers 2:21	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were thirty and two thousand and two hundred.
Proverbs 19:5	A false witness shall not be unpunished, and he that speaks lies shall not escape.
Acts 2:32	This Jesus has God raised up, whereof we all are witnesses.
John 6:37	All that the Father gives me shall come to me; and him that comes to me I will in no wise cast out.
1 Kings 18:41	And Elijah said to Ahab, Get you up, eat and drink; for there is a sound of abundance of rain.
Daniel 2:46	Then the king Nebuchadnezzar fell on his face, and worshipped Daniel, and commanded that they should offer an oblation and sweet odors to him.
Psalm 118:8	It is better to trust in the LORD than to put confidence in man.
Joshua 14:4	For the children of Joseph were two tribes, Manasseh and Ephraim: therefore they gave no part to the Levites in the land, save cities to dwell in, with their suburbs for their cattle and for their substance.
Luke 7:30	But the Pharisees and lawyers rejected the counsel of God against themselves, being not baptized of him.
Hebrews 10:3	But in those sacrifices there is a remembrance again made of sins every year.
Revelation 2:11	He that has an ear, let him hear what the Spirit said to the churches; He that overcomes shall not be hurt of the second death.
1 Corinthians 7:15	But if the unbelieving depart, let him depart. A brother or a sister is not under bondage in such cases: but God has called us to peace.
Genesis 43:27	And he asked them of their welfare, and said, Is your father well, the old man of whom you spoke? Is he yet alive?
Romans 15:14	And I myself also am persuaded of you, my brothers, that you also are full of goodness, filled with all knowledge, able also to admonish one another.
Genesis 1:3	And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.
1 John 2:13	I write to you, fathers, because you have known him that is from the beginning. I write to you, young men, because you have overcome the wicked one. I write to you, little children, because you have known the Father.
Proverbs 1:14	Cast in your lot among us; let us all have one purse:
Proverbs 26:11	As a dog returns to his vomit, so a fool returns to his folly.
Leviticus 15:27	And whoever touches those things shall be unclean, and shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.
Colossians 3:9	Lie not one to another, seeing that you have put off the old man with his deeds;
Hebrews 10:11	And every priest stands daily ministering and offering oftentimes the same sacrifices, which can never take away sins:
Ezekiel 21:9	Son of man, prophesy, and say, Thus said the LORD; Say, A sword, a sword is sharpened, and also furbished:
Jeremiah 40:13	Moreover Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces that were in the fields, came to Gedaliah to Mizpah,
Song of Solomon 5:3	I have put off my coat; how shall I put it on? I have washed my feet; how shall I defile them?
Daniel 6:16	Then the king commanded, and they brought Daniel, and cast him into the den of lions. Now the king spoke and said to Daniel, Your God whom you serve continually, he will deliver you.
Judges 20:18	And the children of Israel arose, and went up to the house of God, and asked counsel of God, and said, Which of us shall go up first to the battle against the children of Benjamin? And the LORD said, Judah shall go up first.
2 Chronicles 13:14	And when Judah looked back, behold, the battle was before and behind: and they cried to the LORD, and the priests sounded with the trumpets.
Leviticus 11:13	And these are they which you shall have in abomination among the fowls; they shall not be eaten, they are an abomination: the eagle, and the ossifrage, and the ospray,
Job 25:6	How much less man, that is a worm? and the son of man, which is a worm?
Joshua 15:25	And Hazor, Hadattah, and Kerioth, and Hezron, which is Hazor,
Acts 21:39	But Paul said, I am a man which am a Jew of Tarsus, a city in Cilicia, a citizen of no mean city: and, I beseech you, suffer me to speak to the people.
Mark 11:20	And in the morning, as they passed by, they saw the fig tree dried up from the roots.
Deuteronomy 4:49	And all the plain on this side Jordan eastward, even to the sea of the plain, under the springs of Pisgah.
Hosea 8:8	Israel is swallowed up: now shall they be among the Gentiles as a vessel wherein is no pleasure.
Genesis 20:10	And Abimelech said to Abraham, What saw you, that you have done this thing?
2 Samuel 22:50	Therefore I will give thanks to you, O LORD, among the heathen, and I will sing praises to your name.
2 Samuel 12:20	Then David arose from the earth, and washed, and anointed himself, and changed his apparel, and came into the house of the LORD, and worshipped: then he came to his own house; and when he required, they set bread before him, and he did eat.
Song of Solomon 1:17	The beams of our house are cedar, and our rafters of fir.
Leviticus 7:12	If he offer it for a thanksgiving, then he shall offer with the sacrifice of thanksgiving unleavened cakes mingled with oil, and unleavened wafers anointed with oil, and cakes mingled with oil, of fine flour, fried.
Ezekiel 27:32	And in their wailing they shall take up a lamentation for you, and lament over you, saying, What city is like Tyrus, like the destroyed in the middle of the sea?
John 6:4	And the passover, a feast of the Jews, was near.
1 Corinthians 14:40	Let all things be done decently and in order.
Ezra 6:18	And they set the priests in their divisions, and the Levites in their courses, for the service of God, which is at Jerusalem; as it is written in the book of Moses.
Deuteronomy 26:6	And the Egyptians evil entreated us, and afflicted us, and laid on us hard bondage:
Proverbs 13:13	Whoever despises the word shall be destroyed: but he that fears the commandment shall be rewarded.
Philippians 3:14	I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus.
2 Chronicles 20:37	Then Eliezer the son of Dodavah of Mareshah prophesied against Jehoshaphat, saying, Because you have joined yourself with Ahaziah, the LORD has broken your works. And the ships were broken, that they were not able to go to Tarshish.
1 Kings 4:15	Ahimaaz was in Naphtali; he also took Basmath the daughter of Solomon to wife:
Leviticus 21:8	You shall sanctify him therefore; for he offers the bread of your God: he shall be holy to you: for I the LORD, which sanctify you, am holy.
Genesis 29:20	And Jacob served seven years for Rachel; and they seemed to him but a few days, for the love he had to her.
1 Samuel 20:5	And David said to Jonathan, Behold, to morrow is the new moon, and I should not fail to sit with the king at meat: but let me go, that I may hide myself in the field to the third day at even.
Proverbs 8:32	Now therefore listen to me, O you children: for blessed are they that keep my ways.
Genesis 26:7	And the men of the place asked him of his wife; and he said, She is my sister: for he feared to say, She is my wife; lest, said he, the men of the place should kill me for Rebekah; because she was fair to look on.
Deuteronomy 14:12	But these are they of which you shall not eat: the eagle, and the ossifrage, and the ospray,
Psalm 48:12	Walk about Zion, and go round about her: tell the towers thereof.
Psalm 46:8	Come, behold the works of the LORD, what desolations he has made in the earth.
Leviticus 14:2	This shall be the law of the leper in the day of his cleansing: He shall be brought to the priest:
Jeremiah 33:13	In the cities of the mountains, in the cities of the vale, and in the cities of the south, and in the land of Benjamin, and in the places about Jerusalem, and in the cities of Judah, shall the flocks pass again under the hands of him that tells them, said the LORD.
Leviticus 27:18	But if he sanctify his field after the jubilee, then the priest shall reckon to him the money according to the years that remain, even to the year of the jubilee, and it shall be abated from your estimation.
Daniel 5:23	But have lifted up yourself against the Lord of heaven; and they have brought the vessels of his house before you, and you, and your lords, your wives, and your concubines, have drunk wine in them; and you have praised the gods of silver, and gold, of brass, iron, wood, and stone, which see not, nor hear, nor know: and the God in whose hand your breath is, and whose are all your ways, have you not glorified:
2 Samuel 20:17	And when he was come near to her, the woman said, Are you Joab? And he answered, I am he. Then she said to him, Hear the words of your handmaid. And he answered, I do hear.
Job 26:14	See, these are parts of his ways: but how little a portion is heard of him? but the thunder of his power who can understand?
Revelation 13:3	And I saw one of his heads as it were wounded to death; and his deadly wound was healed: and all the world wondered after the beast.
Psalm 97:2	Clouds and darkness are round about him: righteousness and judgment are the habitation of his throne.
James 5:8	Be you also patient; establish your hearts: for the coming of the Lord draws near.
Psalm 147:6	The LORD lifts up the meek: he casts the wicked down to the ground.
Psalm 44:20	If we have forgotten the name of our God, or stretched out our hands to a strange god;
1 Chronicles 16:3	And he dealt to every one of Israel, both man and woman, to every one a loaf of bread, and a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of wine.
Judges 4:6	And she sent and called Barak the son of Abinoam out of Kedeshnaphtali, and said to him, Has not the LORD God of Israel commanded, saying, Go and draw toward mount Tabor, and take with you ten thousand men of the children of Naphtali and of the children of Zebulun?
Proverbs 31:27	She looks well to the ways of her household, and eats not the bread of idleness.
Matthew 25:20	And so he that had received five talents came and brought other five talents, saying, Lord, you delivered to me five talents: behold, I have gained beside them five talents more.
Joshua 2:4	And the woman took the two men, and hid them, and said thus, There came men to me, but I knew not from where they were:
1 Samuel 9:3	And the asses of Kish Saul’s father were lost. And Kish said to Saul his son, Take now one of the servants with you, and arise, go seek the asses.
Psalm 83:18	That men may know that you, whose name alone is JEHOVAH, are the most high over all the earth.
Genesis 4:4	And Abel, he also brought of the firstborn of his flock and of the fat thereof. And the LORD had respect to Abel and to his offering:
Joshua 10:22	Then said Joshua, Open the mouth of the cave, and bring out those five kings to me out of the cave.
Exodus 9:5	And the LORD appointed a set time, saying, To morrow the LORD shall do this thing in the land.
Romans 1:22	Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools,
2 Samuel 10:11	And he said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, then you shall help me: but if the children of Ammon be too strong for you, then I will come and help you.
Judges 18:30	And the children of Dan set up the graven image: and Jonathan, the son of Gershom, the son of Manasseh, he and his sons were priests to the tribe of Dan until the day of the captivity of the land.
Jeremiah 41:14	So all the people that Ishmael had carried away captive from Mizpah cast about and returned, and went to Johanan the son of Kareah.
John 16:24	Till now have you asked nothing in my name: ask, and you shall receive, that your joy may be full.
Job 19:19	All my inward friends abhorred me: and they whom I loved are turned against me.
Matthew 1:22	Now all this was done, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying,
Ezra 10:3	Now therefore let us make a covenant with our God to put away all the wives, and such as are born of them, according to the counsel of my lord, and of those that tremble at the commandment of our God; and let it be done according to the law.
Mark 8:36	For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?
Acts 27:41	And falling into a place where two seas met, they ran the ship aground; and the forepart stuck fast, and remained unmovable, but the hinder part was broken with the violence of the waves.
Proverbs 3:14	For the merchandise of it is better than the merchandise of silver, and the gain thereof than fine gold.
Isaiah 5:14	Therefore hell has enlarged herself, and opened her mouth without measure: and their glory, and their multitude, and their pomp, and he that rejoices, shall descend into it.
John 14:12	Truly, truly, I say to you, He that believes on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go to my Father.
2 Chronicles 15:10	So they gathered themselves together at Jerusalem in the third month, in the fifteenth year of the reign of Asa.
Matthew 18:26	The servant therefore fell down, and worshipped him, saying, Lord, have patience with me, and I will pay you all.
Psalm 110:1	The LORD said to my Lord, Sit you at my right hand, until I make your enemies your footstool.
Jeremiah 31:1	At the same time, said the LORD, will I be the God of all the families of Israel, and they shall be my people.
Matthew 13:2	And great multitudes were gathered together to him, so that he went into a ship, and sat; and the whole multitude stood on the shore.
Genesis 24:34	And he said, I am Abraham’s servant.
Ezekiel 46:16	Thus said the Lord GOD; If the prince give a gift to any of his sons, the inheritance thereof shall be his sons’; it shall be their possession by inheritance.
1 Chronicles 28:13	Also for the courses of the priests and the Levites, and for all the work of the service of the house of the LORD, and for all the vessels of service in the house of the LORD.
1 Kings 22:17	And he said, I saw all Israel scattered on the hills, as sheep that have not a shepherd: and the LORD said, These have no master: let them return every man to his house in peace.
Psalm 78:18	And they tempted God in their heart by asking meat for their lust.
Matthew 22:44	The LORD said to my Lord, Sit you on my right hand, till I make your enemies your footstool?
Judges 13:24	And the woman bore a son, and called his name Samson: and the child grew, and the LORD blessed him.
Leviticus 8:36	So Aaron and his sons did all things which the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses.
Job 20:18	That which he labored for shall he restore, and shall not swallow it down: according to his substance shall the restitution be, and he shall not rejoice therein.
Numbers 21:23	And Sihon would not suffer Israel to pass through his border: but Sihon gathered all his people together, and went out against Israel into the wilderness: and he came to Jahaz, and fought against Israel.
Psalm 35:10	All my bones shall say, LORD, who is like to you, which deliver the poor from him that is too strong for him, yes, the poor and the needy from him that spoils him?
Genesis 9:23	And Shem and Japheth took a garment, and laid it on both their shoulders, and went backward, and covered the nakedness of their father; and their faces were backward, and they saw not their father’s nakedness.
2 Samuel 17:29	And honey, and butter, and sheep, and cheese of cows, for David, and for the people that were with him, to eat: for they said, The people is hungry, and weary, and thirsty, in the wilderness.
Deuteronomy 21:8	Be merciful, O LORD, to your people Israel, whom you have redeemed, and lay not innocent blood to your people of Israel’s charge. And the blood shall be forgiven them.
Exodus 14:11	And they said to Moses, Because there were no graves in Egypt, have you taken us away to die in the wilderness? why have you dealt thus with us, to carry us forth out of Egypt?
Acts 7:52	Which of the prophets have not your fathers persecuted? and they have slain them which showed before of the coming of the Just One; of whom you have been now the betrayers and murderers:
Deuteronomy 16:12	And you shall remember that you were a slave in Egypt: and you shall observe and do these statutes.
Job 31:34	Did I fear a great multitude, or did the contempt of families terrify me, that I kept silence, and went not out of the door?
2 Chronicles 30:13	And there assembled at Jerusalem much people to keep the feast of unleavened bread in the second month, a very great congregation.
Genesis 50:26	So Joseph died, being an hundred and ten years old: and they embalmed him, and he was put in a coffin in Egypt.
Romans 6:20	For when you were the servants of sin, you were free from righteousness.
Psalm 37:9	For evildoers shall be cut off: but those that wait on the LORD, they shall inherit the earth.
Jeremiah 29:7	And seek the peace of the city where I have caused you to be carried away captives, and pray to the LORD for it: for in the peace thereof shall you have peace.
Matthew 24:41	Two women shall be grinding at the mill; the one shall be taken, and the other left.
2 Kings 21:16	Moreover Manasseh shed innocent blood very much, till he had filled Jerusalem from one end to another; beside his sin with which he made Judah to sin, in doing that which was evil in the sight of the LORD.
1 Chronicles 24:1	Now these are the divisions of the sons of Aaron. The sons of Aaron; Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.
Acts 14:25	And when they had preached the word in Perga, they went down into Attalia:
Deuteronomy 33:20	And of Gad he said, Blessed be he that enlarges Gad: he dwells as a lion, and tears the arm with the crown of the head.
Isaiah 38:17	Behold, for peace I had great bitterness: but you have in love to my soul delivered it from the pit of corruption: for you have cast all my sins behind your back.
1 Chronicles 22:3	And David prepared iron in abundance for the nails for the doors of the gates, and for the joinings; and brass in abundance without weight;
Psalm 14:2	The LORD looked down from heaven on the children of men, to see if there were any that did understand, and seek God.
Judges 21:8	And they said, What one is there of the tribes of Israel that came not up to Mizpeh to the LORD? And, behold, there came none to the camp from Jabeshgilead to the assembly.
Proverbs 15:2	The tongue of the wise uses knowledge aright: but the mouth of fools pours out foolishness.
Judges 8:9	And he spoke also to the men of Penuel, saying, When I come again in peace, I will break down this tower.
2 Chronicles 5:13	It came even to pass, as the trumpeters and singers were as one, to make one sound to be heard in praising and thanking the LORD; and when they lifted up their voice with the trumpets and cymbals and instruments of music, and praised the LORD, saying, For he is good; for his mercy endures for ever: that then the house was filled with a cloud, even the house of the LORD;
Titus 3:14	And let our’s also learn to maintain good works for necessary uses, that they be not unfruitful.
1 Kings 22:26	And the king of Israel said, Take Micaiah, and carry him back to Amon the governor of the city, and to Joash the king’s son;
Daniel 9:26	And after three score and two weeks shall Messiah be cut off, but not for himself: and the people of the prince that shall come shall destroy the city and the sanctuary; and the end thereof shall be with a flood, and to the end of the war desolations are determined.
Exodus 8:29	And Moses said, Behold, I go out from you, and I will entreat the LORD that the swarms of flies may depart from Pharaoh, from his servants, and from his people, to morrow: but let not Pharaoh deal deceitfully any more in not letting the people go to sacrifice to the LORD.
2 Kings 23:2	And the king went up into the house of the LORD, and all the men of Judah and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem with him, and the priests, and the prophets, and all the people, both small and great: and he read in their ears all the words of the book of the covenant which was found in the house of the LORD.
Isaiah 53:10	Yet it pleased the LORD to bruise him; he has put him to grief: when you shall make his soul an offering for sin, he shall see his seed, he shall prolong his days, and the pleasure of the LORD shall prosper in his hand.
2 Samuel 2:7	Therefore now let your hands be strengthened, and be you valiant: for your master Saul is dead, and also the house of Judah have anointed me king over them.
Numbers 8:24	This is it that belongs to the Levites: from twenty and five years old and upward they shall go in to wait on the service of the tabernacle of the congregation:
Psalm 101:4	A fraudulent heart shall depart from me: I will not know a wicked person.
2 Thessalonians 2:9	Even him, whose coming is after the working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders,
Psalm 25:15	My eyes are ever toward the LORD; for he shall pluck my feet out of the net.
Proverbs 18:13	He that answers a matter before he hears it, it is folly and shame to him.
Mark 10:18	And Jesus said to him, Why call you me good? there is none good but one, that is, God.
Matthew 17:17	Then Jesus answered and said, O faithless and perverse generation, how long shall I be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him here to me.
Isaiah 28:10	For precept must be on precept, precept on precept; line on line, line on line; here a little, and there a little:
Job 24:22	He draws also the mighty with his power: he rises up, and no man is sure of life.
Psalm 67:7	God shall bless us; and all the ends of the earth shall fear him.
Zechariah 1:2	The LORD has been sore displeased with your fathers.
2 Kings 25:12	But the captain of the guard left of the door of the poor of the land to be vinedressers and farmers.
Amos 5:21	I hate, I despise your feast days, and I will not smell in your solemn assemblies.
Romans 1:20	For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead; so that they are without excuse:
Matthew 14:25	And in the fourth watch of the night Jesus went to them, walking on the sea.
Acts 8:9	But there was a certain man, called Simon, which beforetime in the same city used sorcery, and bewitched the people of Samaria, giving out that himself was some great one:
Revelation 4:4	And round about the throne were four and twenty seats: and on the seats I saw four and twenty elders sitting, clothed in white raiment; and they had on their heads crowns of gold.
Psalm 109:13	Let his posterity be cut off; and in the generation following let their name be blotted out.
2 Chronicles 33:23	And humbled not himself before the LORD, as Manasseh his father had humbled himself; but Amon trespassed more and more.
1 Chronicles 6:43	The son of Jahath, the son of Gershom, the son of Levi.
Isaiah 33:13	Hear, you that are far off, what I have done; and, you that are near, acknowledge my might.
Deuteronomy 11:29	And it shall come to pass, when the LORD your God has brought you in to the land where you go to possess it, that you shall put the blessing on mount Gerizim, and the curse on mount Ebal.
Judges 20:21	And the children of Benjamin came forth out of Gibeah, and destroyed down to the ground of the Israelites that day twenty and two thousand men.
Galatians 3:6	Even as Abraham believed God, and it was accounted to him for righteousness.
1 Kings 12:31	And he made an house of high places, and made priests of the lowest of the people, which were not of the sons of Levi.
Esther 8:7	Then the king Ahasuerus said to Esther the queen and to Mordecai the Jew, Behold, I have given Esther the house of Haman, and him they have hanged on the gallows, because he laid his hand on the Jews.
Luke 3:16	John answered, saying to them all, I indeed baptize you with water; but one mightier than I comes, the lace of whose shoes I am not worthy to unloose: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire:
1 Samuel 1:10	And she was in bitterness of soul, and prayed to the LORD, and wept sore.
Acts 13:23	Of this man’s seed has God according to his promise raised to Israel a Savior, Jesus:
Genesis 33:10	And Jacob said, No, I pray you, if now I have found grace in your sight, then receive my present at my hand: for therefore I have seen your face, as though I had seen the face of God, and you were pleased with me.
Psalm 54:7	For he has delivered me out of all trouble: and my eye has seen his desire on my enemies.
Ezekiel 36:15	Neither will I cause men to hear in you the shame of the heathen any more, neither shall you bear the reproach of the people any more, neither shall you cause your nations to fall any more, said the Lord GOD.
2 Samuel 3:10	To translate the kingdom from the house of Saul, and to set up the throne of David over Israel and over Judah, from Dan even to Beersheba.
Psalm 68:3	But let the righteous be glad; let them rejoice before God: yes, let them exceedingly rejoice.
Ezra 7:20	And whatever more shall be needful for the house of your God, which you shall have occasion to bestow, bestow it out of the king’s treasure house.
Acts 25:5	Let them therefore, said he, which among you are able, go down with me, and accuse this man, if there be any wickedness in him.
Job 12:20	He removes away the speech of the trusty, and takes away the understanding of the aged.
Ezekiel 33:21	And it came to pass in the twelfth year of our captivity, in the tenth month, in the fifth day of the month, that one that had escaped out of Jerusalem came to me, saying, The city is smitten.
Acts 18:12	And when Gallio was the deputy of Achaia, the Jews made insurrection with one accord against Paul, and brought him to the judgment seat,
2 Chronicles 26:21	And Uzziah the king was a leper to the day of his death, and dwelled in a several house, being a leper; for he was cut off from the house of the LORD: and Jotham his son was over the king’s house, judging the people of the land.
Job 27:18	He builds his house as a moth, and as a booth that the keeper makes.
Isaiah 3:18	In that day the Lord will take away the bravery of their tinkling ornaments about their feet, and their cauls, and their round tires like the moon,
Luke 6:42	Either how can you say to your brother, Brother, let me pull out the mote that is in your eye, when you yourself behold not the beam that is in your own eye? You hypocrite, cast out first the beam out of your own eye, and then shall you see clearly to pull out the mote that is in your brother’s eye.
Ezekiel 32:3	Thus said the Lord GOD; I will therefore spread out my net over you with a company of many people; and they shall bring you up in my net.
Leviticus 7:37	This is the law of the burnt offering, of the meat offering, and of the sin offering, and of the trespass offering, and of the consecrations, and of the sacrifice of the peace offerings;
Acts 7:41	And they made a calf in those days, and offered sacrifice to the idol, and rejoiced in the works of their own hands.
Romans 5:17	For if by one man’s offense death reigned by one; much more they which receive abundance of grace and of the gift of righteousness shall reign in life by one, Jesus Christ.)
1 John 4:21	And this commandment have we from him, That he who loves God love his brother also.
Amos 1:6	Thus said the LORD; For three transgressions of Gaza, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they carried away captive the whole captivity, to deliver them up to Edom:
Acts 7:33	Then said the Lord to him, Put off your shoes from your feet: for the place where you stand is holy ground.
2 Samuel 15:2	And Absalom rose up early, and stood beside the way of the gate: and it was so, that when any man that had a controversy came to the king for judgment, then Absalom called to him, and said, Of what city are you? And he said, Your servant is of one of the tribes of Israel.
Exodus 35:5	Take you from among you an offering to the LORD: whoever is of a willing heart, let him bring it, an offering of the LORD; gold, and silver, and brass,
Isaiah 59:6	Their webs shall not become garments, neither shall they cover themselves with their works: their works are works of iniquity, and the act of violence is in their hands.
Mark 10:23	And Jesus looked round about, and said to his disciples, How hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of God!
Deuteronomy 14:24	And if the way be too long for you, so that you are not able to carry it; or if the place be too far from you, which the LORD your God shall choose to set his name there, when the LORD your God has blessed you:
John 19:27	Then said he to the disciple, Behold your mother! And from that hour that disciple took her to his own home.
1 Chronicles 17:20	O LORD, there is none like you, neither is there any God beside you, according to all that we have heard with our ears.
2 Chronicles 33:1	Manasseh was twelve years old when he began to reign, and he reigned fifty and five years in Jerusalem:
1 Samuel 20:39	But the lad knew not any thing: only Jonathan and David knew the matter.
Psalm 106:31	And that was counted to him for righteousness to all generations for ever more.
1 Corinthians 11:11	Nevertheless neither is the man without the woman, neither the woman without the man, in the Lord.
1 Chronicles 16:17	And has confirmed the same to Jacob for a law, and to Israel for an everlasting covenant,
Deuteronomy 11:18	Therefore shall you lay up these my words in your heart and in your soul, and bind them for a sign on your hand, that they may be as frontlets between your eyes.
Numbers 24:21	And he looked on the Kenites, and took up his parable, and said, Strong is your dwelling place, and you put your nest in a rock.
2 Kings 21:14	And I will forsake the remnant of my inheritance, and deliver them into the hand of their enemies; and they shall become a prey and a spoil to all their enemies;
Jeremiah 48:35	Moreover I will cause to cease in Moab, said the LORD, him that offers in the high places, and him that burns incense to his gods.
Ephesians 4:10	He that descended is the same also that ascended up far above all heavens, that he might fill all things.)
2 Timothy 4:19	Salute Prisca and Aquila, and the household of Onesiphorus.
Ezekiel 41:23	And the temple and the sanctuary had two doors.
Mark 1:7	And preached, saying, There comes one mightier than I after me, the lace of whose shoes I am not worthy to stoop down and unloose.
2 Corinthians 11:13	For such are false apostles, deceitful workers, transforming themselves into the apostles of Christ.
Psalm 119:50	This is my comfort in my affliction: for your word has quickened me.
Deuteronomy 24:4	Her former husband, which sent her away, may not take her again to be his wife, after that she is defiled; for that is abomination before the LORD: and you shall not cause the land to sin, which the LORD your God gives you for an inheritance.
Leviticus 14:49	And he shall take to cleanse the house two birds, and cedar wood, and scarlet, and hyssop:
Job 7:19	How long will you not depart from me, nor let me alone till I swallow down my spittle?
Ezra 2:27	The men of Michmas, an hundred twenty and two.
Genesis 37:25	And they sat down to eat bread: and they lifted up their eyes and looked, and, behold, a company of Ishmeelites came from Gilead with their camels bearing spices and balm and myrrh, going to carry it down to Egypt.
1 Samuel 9:7	Then said Saul to his servant, But, behold, if we go, what shall we bring the man? for the bread is spent in our vessels, and there is not a present to bring to the man of God: what have we?
Leviticus 14:23	And he shall bring them on the eighth day for his cleansing to the priest, to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, before the LORD.
John 18:5	They answered him, Jesus of Nazareth. Jesus said to them, I am he. And Judas also, which betrayed him, stood with them.
Matthew 16:4	A wicked and adulterous generation seeks after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas. And he left them, and departed.
2 Kings 17:3	Against him came up Shalmaneser king of Assyria; and Hoshea became his servant, and gave him presents.
Hosea 8:9	For they are gone up to Assyria, a wild ass alone by himself: Ephraim has hired lovers.
2 Corinthians 5:15	And that he died for all, that they which live should not from now on live to themselves, but to him which died for them, and rose again.
Genesis 41:25	And Joseph said to Pharaoh, The dream of Pharaoh is one: God has showed Pharaoh what he is about to do.
Deuteronomy 3:26	But the LORD was wroth with me for your sakes, and would not hear me: and the LORD said to me, Let it suffice you; speak no more to me of this matter.
Jeremiah 28:10	Then Hananiah the prophet took the yoke from off the prophet Jeremiah’s neck, and broke it.
Luke 4:17	And there was delivered to him the book of the prophet Esaias. And when he had opened the book, he found the place where it was written,
Judges 9:44	And Abimelech, and the company that was with him, rushed forward, and stood in the entering of the gate of the city: and the two other companies ran on all the people that were in the fields, and slew them.
Numbers 21:35	So they smote him, and his sons, and all his people, until there was none left him alive: and they possessed his land.
Deuteronomy 7:5	But thus shall you deal with them; you shall destroy their altars, and break down their images, and cut down their groves, and burn their graven images with fire.
1 Samuel 24:7	So David stayed his servants with these words, and suffered them not to rise against Saul. But Saul rose up out of the cave, and went on his way.
Deuteronomy 27:9	And Moses and the priests the Levites spoke to all Israel, saying, Take heed, and listen, O Israel; this day you are become the people of the LORD your God.
Isaiah 51:2	Look to Abraham your father, and to Sarah that bore you: for I called him alone, and blessed him, and increased him.
Acts 12:2	And he killed James the brother of John with the sword.
Jude 1:15	To execute judgment on all, and to convince all that are ungodly among them of all their ungodly deeds which they have ungodly committed, and of all their hard speeches which ungodly sinners have spoken against him.
Jeremiah 51:46	And lest your heart faint, and you fear for the rumor that shall be heard in the land; a rumor shall both come one year, and after that in another year shall come a rumor, and violence in the land, ruler against ruler.
2 Peter 2:18	For when they speak great swelling words of vanity, they allure through the lusts of the flesh, through much wantonness, those that were clean escaped from them who live in error.
Ezekiel 42:17	He measured the north side, five hundred reeds, with the measuring reed round about.
1 Chronicles 24:14	The fifteenth to Bilgah, the sixteenth to Immer,
2 Chronicles 15:4	But when they in their trouble did turn to the LORD God of Israel, and sought him, he was found of them.
Deuteronomy 22:10	You shall not plow with an ox and an ass together.
Ezekiel 22:14	Can your heart endure, or can your hands be strong, in the days that I shall deal with you? I the LORD have spoken it, and will do it.
Judges 4:12	And they showed Sisera that Barak the son of Abinoam was gone up to mount Tabor.
Nahum 3:15	There shall the fire devour you; the sword shall cut you off, it shall eat you up like the cankerworm: make yourself many as the cankerworm, make yourself many as the locusts.
Joshua 13:16	And their coast was from Aroer, that is on the bank of the river Arnon, and the city that is in the middle of the river, and all the plain by Medeba;
Ezekiel 6:10	And they shall know that I am the LORD, and that I have not said in vain that I would do this evil to them.
Joshua 13:33	But to the tribe of Levi Moses gave not any inheritance: the LORD God of Israel was their inheritance, as he said to them.
Isaiah 30:29	You shall have a song, as in the night when a holy solemnity is kept; and gladness of heart, as when one goes with a pipe to come into the mountain of the LORD, to the mighty One of Israel.
Isaiah 19:9	Moreover they that work in fine flax, and they that weave networks, shall be confounded.
Ezekiel 23:32	Thus said the Lord GOD; You shall drink of your sister’s cup deep and large: you shall be laughed to scorn and had in derision; it contains much.
1 Samuel 17:26	And David spoke to the men that stood by him, saying, What shall be done to the man that kills this Philistine, and takes away the reproach from Israel? for who is this uncircumcised Philistine, that he should defy the armies of the living God?
1 Chronicles 8:12	The sons of Elpaal; Eber, and Misham, and Shamed, who built Ono, and Lod, with the towns thereof:
Ezekiel 34:2	Son of man, prophesy against the shepherds of Israel, prophesy, and say to them, Thus said the Lord GOD to the shepherds; Woe be to the shepherds of Israel that do feed themselves! should not the shepherds feed the flocks?
Ruth 4:5	Then said Boaz, What day you buy the field of the hand of Naomi, you must buy it also of Ruth the Moabitess, the wife of the dead, to raise up the name of the dead on his inheritance.
Numbers 7:16	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
2 Corinthians 4:10	Always bearing about in the body the dying of the Lord Jesus, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our body.
2 Corinthians 5:8	We are confident, I say, and willing rather to be absent from the body, and to be present with the Lord.
Luke 12:51	Suppose you that I am come to give peace on earth? I tell you, No; but rather division:
Nehemiah 8:11	So the Levites stilled all the people, saying, Hold your peace, for the day is holy; neither be you grieved.
Psalm 118:26	Blessed be he that comes in the name of the LORD: we have blessed you out of the house of the LORD.
Leviticus 19:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
2 Kings 18:26	Then said Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, and Shebna, and Joah, to Rabshakeh, Speak, I pray you, to your servants in the Syrian language; for we understand it: and talk not with us in the Jews’ language in the ears of the people that are on the wall.
1 Samuel 10:7	And let it be, when these signs are come to you, that you do as occasion serve you; for God is with you.
Numbers 20:22	And the children of Israel, even the whole congregation, journeyed from Kadesh, and came to mount Hor.
Psalm 47:9	The princes of the people are gathered together, even the people of the God of Abraham: for the shields of the earth belong to God: he is greatly exalted.
Psalm 31:19	Oh how great is your goodness, which you have laid up for them that fear you; which you have worked for them that trust in you before the sons of men!
1 Corinthians 14:5	I would that you all spoke with tongues but rather that you prophesied: for greater is he that prophesies than he that speaks with tongues, except he interpret, that the church may receive edifying.
Psalm 144:5	Bow your heavens, O LORD, and come down: touch the mountains, and they shall smoke.
Jeremiah 3:21	A voice was heard on the high places, weeping and supplications of the children of Israel: for they have perverted their way, and they have forgotten the LORD their God.
Luke 1:61	And they said to her, There is none of your kindred that is called by this name.
Psalm 118:4	Let them now that fear the LORD say, that his mercy endures for ever.
Deuteronomy 22:19	And they shall amerce him in an hundred shekels of silver, and give them to the father of the damsel, because he has brought up an evil name on a virgin of Israel: and she shall be his wife; he may not put her away all his days.
Matthew 21:20	And when the disciples saw it, they marveled, saying, How soon is the fig tree withered away!
Acts 27:11	Nevertheless the centurion believed the master and the owner of the ship, more than those things which were spoken by Paul.
2 Samuel 11:13	And when David had called him, he did eat and drink before him; and he made him drunk: and at even he went out to lie on his bed with the servants of his lord, but went not down to his house.
Isaiah 54:7	For a small moment have I forsaken you; but with great mercies will I gather you.
1 Chronicles 4:39	And they went to the entrance of Gedor, even to the east side of the valley, to seek pasture for their flocks.
Matthew 26:68	Saying, Prophesy to us, you Christ, Who is he that smote you?
Numbers 32:37	And the children of Reuben built Heshbon, and Elealeh, and Kirjathaim,
Joshua 21:31	Helkath with her suburbs, and Rehob with her suburbs; four cities.
2 Kings 8:20	In his days Edom revolted from under the hand of Judah, and made a king over themselves.
Numbers 29:9	And their meat offering shall be of flour mingled with oil, three tenth deals to a bullock, and two tenth deals to one ram,
Genesis 29:3	And thither were all the flocks gathered: and they rolled the stone from the well’s mouth, and watered the sheep, and put the stone again on the well’s mouth in his place.
Psalm 35:24	Judge me, O LORD my God, according to your righteousness; and let them not rejoice over me.
Jeremiah 9:21	For death is come up into our windows, and is entered into our palaces, to cut off the children from without, and the young men from the streets.
Proverbs 22:8	He that sows iniquity shall reap vanity: and the rod of his anger shall fail.
Isaiah 25:8	He will swallow up death in victory; and the Lord GOD will wipe away tears from off all faces; and the rebuke of his people shall he take away from off all the earth: for the LORD has spoken it.
Proverbs 30:32	If you have done foolishly in lifting up yourself, or if you have thought evil, lay your hand on your mouth.
Psalm 136:26	O give thanks to the God of heaven: for his mercy endures for ever.
Joshua 24:27	And Joshua said to all the people, Behold, this stone shall be a witness to us; for it has heard all the words of the LORD which he spoke to us: it shall be therefore a witness to you, lest you deny your God.
Psalm 82:2	How long will you judge unjustly, and accept the persons of the wicked? Selah.
Ezra 4:18	The letter which you sent to us has been plainly read before me.
Matthew 24:42	Watch therefore: for you know not what hour your Lord does come.
Jeremiah 51:27	Set you up a standard in the land, blow the trumpet among the nations, prepare the nations against her, call together against her the kingdoms of Ararat, Minni, and Ashchenaz; appoint a captain against her; cause the horses to come up as the rough caterpillars.
Psalm 55:4	My heart is sore pained within me: and the terrors of death are fallen on me.
Psalm 111:9	He sent redemption to his people: he has commanded his covenant for ever: holy and reverend is his name.
Deuteronomy 2:20	(That also was accounted a land of giants: giants dwelled therein in old time; and the Ammonites call them Zamzummims;
1 Chronicles 7:20	And the sons of Ephraim; Shuthelah, and Bered his son, and Tahath his son, and Eladah his son, and Tahath his son,
Deuteronomy 28:33	The fruit of your land, and all your labors, shall a nation which you know not eat up; and you shall be only oppressed and crushed always:
Genesis 39:3	And his master saw that the LORD was with him, and that the LORD made all that he did to prosper in his hand.
Colossians 3:25	But he that does wrong shall receive for the wrong which he has done: and there is no respect of persons.
2 Chronicles 20:4	And Judah gathered themselves together, to ask help of the LORD: even out of all the cities of Judah they came to seek the LORD.
Proverbs 2:17	Which forsakes the guide of her youth, and forgets the covenant of her God.
Jeremiah 38:2	Thus said the LORD, He that remains in this city shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence: but he that goes forth to the Chaldeans shall live; for he shall have his life for a prey, and shall live.
Ephesians 4:4	There is one body, and one Spirit, even as you are called in one hope of your calling;
Proverbs 1:8	My son, hear the instruction of your father, and forsake not the law of your mother:
Isaiah 31:9	And he shall pass over to his strong hold for fear, and his princes shall be afraid of the ensign, said the LORD, whose fire is in Zion, and his furnace in Jerusalem.
Proverbs 14:16	A wise man fears, and departs from evil: but the fool rages, and is confident.
1 Chronicles 6:21	Joah his son, Iddo his son, Zerah his son, Jeaterai his son.
Joshua 19:38	And Iron, and Migdalel, Horem, and Bethanath, and Bethshemesh; nineteen cities with their villages.
Leviticus 20:16	And if a woman approach to any beast, and lie down thereto, you shall kill the woman, and the beast: they shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be on them.
2 Kings 3:23	And they said, This is blood: the kings are surely slain, and they have smitten one another: now therefore, Moab, to the spoil.
Zephaniah 3:9	For then will I turn to the people a pure language, that they may all call on the name of the LORD, to serve him with one consent.
Exodus 22:22	You shall not afflict any widow, or fatherless child.
Ezekiel 33:28	For I will lay the land most desolate, and the pomp of her strength shall cease; and the mountains of Israel shall be desolate, that none shall pass through.
2 Samuel 23:13	And three of the thirty chief went down, and came to David in the harvest time to the cave of Adullam: and the troop of the Philistines pitched in the valley of Rephaim.
Ezekiel 43:21	You shall take the bullock also of the sin offering, and he shall burn it in the appointed place of the house, without the sanctuary.
John 3:11	Truly, truly, I say to you, We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen; and you receive not our witness.
1 John 2:20	But you have an unction from the Holy One, and you know all things.
Psalm 90:1	Lord, you have been our dwelling place in all generations.
Proverbs 8:34	Blessed is the man that hears me, watching daily at my gates, waiting at the posts of my doors.
1 Thessalonians 2:4	But as we were allowed of God to be put in trust with the gospel, even so we speak; not as pleasing men, but God, which tries our hearts.
Proverbs 8:4	To you, O men, I call; and my voice is to the sons of man.
Ezekiel 33:12	Therefore, you son of man, say to the children of your people, The righteousness of the righteous shall not deliver him in the day of his transgression: as for the wickedness of the wicked, he shall not fall thereby in the day that he turns from his wickedness; neither shall the righteous be able to live for his righteousness in the day that he sins.
1 Chronicles 7:36	The sons of Zophah; Suah, and Harnepher, and Shual, and Beri, and Imrah,
Jeremiah 25:1	The word that came to Jeremiah concerning all the people of Judah in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, that was the first year of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon;
Deuteronomy 13:15	You shall surely smite the inhabitants of that city with the edge of the sword, destroying it utterly, and all that is therein, and the cattle thereof, with the edge of the sword.
1 Kings 20:1	And Benhadad the king of Syria gathered all his host together: and there were thirty and two kings with him, and horses, and chariots; and he went up and besieged Samaria, and warred against it.
Psalm 40:6	Sacrifice and offering you did not desire; my ears have you opened: burnt offering and sin offering have you not required.
Psalm 135:3	Praise the LORD; for the LORD is good: sing praises to his name; for it is pleasant.
Luke 16:4	I am resolved what to do, that, when I am put out of the stewardship, they may receive me into their houses.
Joshua 9:23	Now therefore you are cursed, and there shall none of you be freed from being slaves, and hewers of wood and drawers of water for the house of my God.
1 Thessalonians 3:6	But now when Timotheus came from you to us, and brought us good tidings of your faith and charity, and that you have good remembrance of us always, desiring greatly to see us, as we also to see you:
John 10:8	All that ever came before me are thieves and robbers: but the sheep did not hear them.
John 6:5	When Jesus then lifted up his eyes, and saw a great company come to him, he said to Philip, From where shall we buy bread, that these may eat?
Isaiah 53:3	He is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief: and we hid as it were our faces from him; he was despised, and we esteemed him not.
Acts 22:18	And saw him saying to me, Make haste, and get you quickly out of Jerusalem: for they will not receive your testimony concerning me.
Haggai 2:7	And I will shake all nations, and the desire of all nations shall come: and I will fill this house with glory, said the LORD of hosts.
2 Kings 10:4	But they were exceedingly afraid, and said, Behold, two kings stood not before him: how then shall we stand?
Proverbs 3:5	Trust in the LORD with all your heart; and lean not to your own understanding.
1 Kings 13:1	And, behold, there came a man of God out of Judah by the word of the LORD to Bethel: and Jeroboam stood by the altar to burn incense.
1 Chronicles 8:31	And Gedor, and Ahio, and Zacher.
Deuteronomy 28:55	So that he will not give to any of them of the flesh of his children whom he shall eat: because he has nothing left him in the siege, and in the narrow place, with which your enemies shall distress you in all your gates.
Acts 22:30	On the morrow, because he would have known the certainty why he was accused of the Jews, he loosed him from his bands, and commanded the chief priests and all their council to appear, and brought Paul down, and set him before them.
Psalm 10:18	To judge the fatherless and the oppressed, that the man of the earth may no more oppress.
Lamentations 2:13	What thing shall I take to witness for you? what thing shall I liken to you, O daughter of Jerusalem? what shall I equal to you, that I may comfort you, O virgin daughter of Zion? for your breach is great like the sea: who can heal you?
Numbers 3:6	Bring the tribe of Levi near, and present them before Aaron the priest, that they may minister to him.
Leviticus 22:9	They shall therefore keep my ordinance, lest they bear sin for it, and die therefore, if they profane it: I the LORD do sanctify them.
Ezekiel 44:24	And in controversy they shall stand in judgment; and they shall judge it according to my judgments: and they shall keep my laws and my statutes in all my assemblies; and they shall hallow my sabbaths.
Judges 16:4	And it came to pass afterward, that he loved a woman in the valley of Sorek, whose name was Delilah.
Judges 21:6	And the children of Israel repented them for Benjamin their brother, and said, There is one tribe cut off from Israel this day.
Deuteronomy 2:29	(As the children of Esau which dwell in Seir, and the Moabites which dwell in Ar, did to me;) until I shall pass over Jordan into the land which the LORD our God gives us.
Psalm 107:21	Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men!
Ruth 2:23	So she kept fast by the maidens of Boaz to glean to the end of barley harvest and of wheat harvest; and dwelled with her mother in law.
Lamentations 1:12	Is it nothing to you, all you that pass by? behold, and see if there be any sorrow like to my sorrow, which is done to me, with which the LORD has afflicted me in the day of his fierce anger.
Psalm 91:9	Because you have made the LORD, which is my refuge, even the most High, your habitation;
Job 1:13	And there was a day when his sons and his daughters were eating and drinking wine in their oldest brother’s house:
Psalm 104:32	He looks on the earth, and it trembles: he touches the hills, and they smoke.
Jeremiah 46:14	Declare you in Egypt, and publish in Migdol, and publish in Noph and in Tahpanhes: say you, Stand fast, and prepare you; for the sword shall devour round about you.
2 Chronicles 32:7	Be strong and courageous, be not afraid nor dismayed for the king of Assyria, nor for all the multitude that is with him: for there be more with us than with him:
Mark 1:37	And when they had found him, they said to him, All men seek for you.
Proverbs 10:26	As vinegar to the teeth, and as smoke to the eyes, so is the sluggard to them that send him.
Jeremiah 33:22	As the host of heaven cannot be numbered, neither the sand of the sea measured: so will I multiply the seed of David my servant, and the Levites that minister to me.
Genesis 47:31	And he said, Swear to me. And he swore to him. And Israel bowed himself on the bed’s head.
Philemon 1:6	That the communication of your faith may become effectual by the acknowledging of every good thing which is in you in Christ Jesus.
Daniel 2:3	And the king said to them, I have dreamed a dream, and my spirit was troubled to know the dream.
Isaiah 24:22	And they shall be gathered together, as prisoners are gathered in the pit, and shall be shut up in the prison, and after many days shall they be visited.
Deuteronomy 4:2	You shall not add to the word which I command you, neither shall you diminish ought from it, that you may keep the commandments of the LORD your God which I command you.
Numbers 29:37	Their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullock, for the ram, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:
Psalm 107:8	Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men!
Ezekiel 48:14	And they shall not sell of it, neither exchange, nor alienate the first fruits of the land: for it is holy to the LORD.
Judges 2:21	I also will not from now on drive out any from before them of the nations which Joshua left when he died:
2 Kings 11:15	But Jehoiada the priest commanded the captains of the hundreds, the officers of the host, and said to them, Have her forth without the ranges: and him that follows her kill with the sword. For the priest had said, Let her not be slain in the house of the LORD.
Isaiah 57:14	And shall say, Cast you up, cast you up, prepare the way, take up the stumbling block out of the way of my people.
2 Corinthians 9:11	Being enriched in every thing to all bountifulness, which causes through us thanksgiving to God.
Acts 11:23	Who, when he came, and had seen the grace of God, was glad, and exhorted them all, that with purpose of heart they would hold to the Lord.
Matthew 6:33	But seek you first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added to you.
Psalm 119:153	Consider my affliction, and deliver me: for I do not forget your law.
2 Samuel 23:6	But the sons of Belial shall be all of them as thorns thrust away, because they cannot be taken with hands:
Deuteronomy 12:5	But to the place which the LORD your God shall choose out of all your tribes to put his name there, even to his habitation shall you seek, and thither you shall come:
Esther 3:12	Then were the king’s scribes called on the thirteenth day of the first month, and there was written according to all that Haman had commanded to the king’s lieutenants, and to the governors that were over every province, and to the rulers of every people of every province according to the writing thereof, and to every people after their language; in the name of king Ahasuerus was it written, and sealed with the king’s ring.
Jeremiah 25:37	And the peaceable habitations are cut down because of the fierce anger of the LORD.
Revelation 9:9	And they had breastplates, as it were breastplates of iron; and the sound of their wings was as the sound of chariots of many horses running to battle.
Matthew 15:11	Not that which goes into the mouth defiles a man; but that which comes out of the mouth, this defiles a man.
Micah 6:10	Are there yet the treasures of wickedness in the house of the wicked, and the scant measure that is abominable?
Proverbs 31:3	Give not your strength to women, nor your ways to that which destroys kings.
Deuteronomy 23:20	To a stranger you may lend on usury; but to your brother you shall not lend on usury: that the LORD your God may bless you in all that you set your hand to in the land where you go to possess it.
Numbers 28:31	You shall offer them beside the continual burnt offering, and his meat offering, (they shall be to you without blemish) and their drink offerings.
Romans 7:8	But sin, taking occasion by the commandment, worked in me all manner of concupiscence. For without the law sin was dead.
Ezekiel 48:31	And the gates of the city shall be after the names of the tribes of Israel: three gates northward; one gate of Reuben, one gate of Judah, one gate of Levi.
2 Chronicles 26:7	And God helped him against the Philistines, and against the Arabians that dwelled in Gurbaal, and the Mehunims.
Deuteronomy 28:63	And it shall come to pass, that as the LORD rejoiced over you to do you good, and to multiply you; so the LORD will rejoice over you to destroy you, and to bring you to nothing; and you shall be plucked from off the land where you go to possess it.
Ecclesiastes 9:9	Live joyfully with the wife whom you love all the days of the life of your vanity, which he has given you under the sun, all the days of your vanity: for that is your portion in this life, and in your labor which you take under the sun.
Acts 3:7	And he took him by the right hand, and lifted him up: and immediately his feet and ankle bones received strength.
Esther 5:1	Now it came to pass on the third day, that Esther put on her royal apparel, and stood in the inner court of the king’s house, over against the king’s house: and the king sat on his royal throne in the royal house, over against the gate of the house.
Acts 21:4	And finding disciples, we tarried there seven days: who said to Paul through the Spirit, that he should not go up to Jerusalem.
Ezekiel 21:1	And the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Revelation 18:12	The merchandise of gold, and silver, and precious stones, and of pearls, and fine linen, and purple, and silk, and scarlet, and all thyine wood, and all manner vessels of ivory, and all manner vessels of most precious wood, and of brass, and iron, and marble,
Matthew 12:48	But he answered and said to him that told him, Who is my mother? and who are my brothers?
Ephesians 6:9	And, you masters, do the same things to them, forbearing threatening: knowing that your Master also is in heaven; neither is there respect of persons with him.
Numbers 35:21	Or in enmity smite him with his hand, that he die: he that smote him shall surely be put to death; for he is a murderer: the revenger of blood shall slay the murderer, when he meets him.
Numbers 3:45	Take the Levites instead of all the firstborn among the children of Israel, and the cattle of the Levites instead of their cattle; and the Levites shall be mine: I am the LORD.
John 12:25	He that loves his life shall lose it; and he that hates his life in this world shall keep it to life eternal.
Numbers 12:9	And the anger of the LORD was kindled against them; and he departed.
Exodus 28:16	Foursquare it shall be being doubled; a span shall be the length thereof, and a span shall be the breadth thereof.
Exodus 18:1	When Jethro, the priest of Midian, Moses’ father in law, heard of all that God had done for Moses, and for Israel his people, and that the LORD had brought Israel out of Egypt;
Matthew 3:2	And saying, Repent you: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.
Isaiah 56:9	All you beasts of the field, come to devour, yes, all you beasts in the forest.
1 Corinthians 14:3	But he that prophesies speaks to men to edification, and exhortation, and comfort.
Deuteronomy 12:11	Then there shall be a place which the LORD your God shall choose to cause his name to dwell there; thither shall you bring all that I command you; your burnt offerings, and your sacrifices, your tithes, and the heave offering of your hand, and all your choice vows which you vow to the LORD:
Numbers 26:20	And the sons of Judah after their families were; of Shelah, the family of the Shelanites: of Pharez, the family of the Pharzites: of Zerah, the family of the Zarhites.
2 Corinthians 5:10	For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ; that every one may receive the things done in his body, according to that he has done, whether it be good or bad.
John 16:27	For the Father himself loves you, because you have loved me, and have believed that I came out from God.
Matthew 23:12	And whoever shall exalt himself shall be abased; and he that shall humble himself shall be exalted.
Job 33:11	He puts my feet in the stocks, he marks all my paths.
John 18:1	When Jesus had spoken these words, he went forth with his disciples over the brook Cedron, where was a garden, into the which he entered, and his disciples.
Psalm 95:2	Let us come before his presence with thanksgiving, and make a joyful noise to him with psalms.
Psalm 115:9	O Israel, trust you in the LORD: he is their help and their shield.
2 Samuel 3:4	And the fourth, Adonijah the son of Haggith; and the fifth, Shephatiah the son of Abital;
Daniel 8:12	And an host was given him against the daily sacrifice by reason of transgression, and it cast down the truth to the ground; and it practiced, and prospered.
Deuteronomy 28:1	And it shall come to pass, if you shall listen diligently to the voice of the LORD your God, to observe and to do all his commandments which I command you this day, that the LORD your God will set you on high above all nations of the earth:
Micah 6:5	O my people, remember now what Balak king of Moab consulted, and what Balaam the son of Beor answered him from Shittim to Gilgal; that you may know the righteousness of the LORD.
Proverbs 1:16	For their feet run to evil, and make haste to shed blood.
1 Chronicles 11:36	Hepher the Mecherathite, Ahijah the Pelonite,
Psalm 35:14	I behaved myself as though he had been my friend or brother: I bowed down heavily, as one that mourns for his mother.
Deuteronomy 5:32	You shall observe to do therefore as the LORD your God has commanded you: you shall not turn aside to the right hand or to the left.
Deuteronomy 4:11	And you came near and stood under the mountain; and the mountain burned with fire to the middle of heaven, with darkness, clouds, and thick darkness.
Micah 7:6	For the son dishonors the father, the daughter rises up against her mother, the daughter in law against her mother in law; a man’s enemies are the men of his own house.
Deuteronomy 8:17	And you say in your heart, My power and the might of my hand has gotten me this wealth.
Exodus 35:14	The candlestick also for the light, and his furniture, and his lamps, with the oil for the light,
Mark 9:22	And often it has cast him into the fire, and into the waters, to destroy him: but if you can do any thing, have compassion on us, and help us.
Matthew 14:32	And when they were come into the ship, the wind ceased.
Joshua 7:5	And the men of Ai smote of them about thirty and six men: for they chased them from before the gate even to Shebarim, and smote them in the going down: why the hearts of the people melted, and became as water.
Revelation 13:16	And he causes all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads:
Esther 9:8	And Poratha, and Adalia, and Aridatha,
John 10:34	Jesus answered them, Is it not written in your law, I said, You are gods?
Song of Solomon 8:8	We have a little sister, and she has no breasts: what shall we do for our sister in the day when she shall be spoken for?
2 Samuel 21:5	And they answered the king, The man that consumed us, and that devised against us that we should be destroyed from remaining in any of the coasts of Israel,
Psalm 106:41	And he gave them into the hand of the heathen; and they that hated them ruled over them.
Ezekiel 33:16	None of his sins that he has committed shall be mentioned to him: he has done that which is lawful and right; he shall surely live.
Ezekiel 44:5	And the LORD said to me, Son of man, mark well, and behold with your eyes, and hear with your ears all that I say to you concerning all the ordinances of the house of the LORD, and all the laws thereof; and mark well the entering in of the house, with every going forth of the sanctuary.
2 Chronicles 35:20	After all this, when Josiah had prepared the temple, Necho king of Egypt came up to fight against Charchemish by Euphrates: and Josiah went out against him.
Esther 9:15	For the Jews that were in Shushan gathered themselves together on the fourteenth day also of the month Adar, and slew three hundred men at Shushan; but on the prey they laid not their hand.
Joshua 5:9	And the LORD said to Joshua, This day have I rolled away the reproach of Egypt from off you. Why the name of the place is called Gilgal to this day.
Joshua 19:7	Ain, Remmon, and Ether, and Ashan; four cities and their villages:
2 Samuel 13:10	And Amnon said to Tamar, Bring the meat into the chamber, that I may eat of your hand. And Tamar took the cakes which she had made, and brought them into the chamber to Amnon her brother.
Deuteronomy 1:15	So I took the chief of your tribes, wise men, and known, and made them heads over you, captains over thousands, and captains over hundreds, and captains over fifties, and captains over tens, and officers among your tribes.
Genesis 35:15	And Jacob called the name of the place where God spoke with him, Bethel.
Luke 16:16	The law and the prophets were until John: since that time the kingdom of God is preached, and every man presses into it.
Psalm 38:10	My heart pants, my strength fails me: as for the light of my eyes, it also is gone from me.
Proverbs 27:11	My son, be wise, and make my heart glad, that I may answer him that reproaches me.
Nehemiah 7:14	The children of Zaccai, seven hundred and three score.
1 Samuel 29:6	Then Achish called David, and said to him, Surely, as the LORD lives, you have been upright, and your going out and your coming in with me in the host is good in my sight: for I have not found evil in you since the day of your coming to me to this day: nevertheless the lords favor you not.
Psalm 112:7	He shall not be afraid of evil tidings: his heart is fixed, trusting in the LORD.
Matthew 26:75	And Peter remembered the word of Jesus, which said to him, Before the cock crow, you shall deny me thrice. And he went out, and wept bitterly.
Matthew 6:34	Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient to the day is the evil thereof.
1 Chronicles 23:32	And that they should keep the charge of the tabernacle of the congregation, and the charge of the holy place, and the charge of the sons of Aaron their brothers, in the service of the house of the LORD.
Acts 7:21	And when he was cast out, Pharaoh’s daughter took him up, and nourished him for her own son.
Psalm 105:20	The king sent and loosed him; even the ruler of the people, and let him go free.
Psalm 6:5	For in death there is no remembrance of you: in the grave who shall give you thanks?
1 Chronicles 25:11	The fourth to Izri, he, his sons, and his brothers, were twelve:
Jeremiah 50:8	Remove out of the middle of Babylon, and go forth out of the land of the Chaldeans, and be as the he goats before the flocks.
Jeremiah 25:22	And all the kings of Tyrus, and all the kings of Zidon, and the kings of the isles which are beyond the sea,
Genesis 38:5	And she yet again conceived, and bore a son; and called his name Shelah: and he was at Chezib, when she bore him.
Psalm 14:4	Have all the workers of iniquity no knowledge? who eat up my people as they eat bread, and call not on the LORD.
1 Samuel 19:8	And there was war again: and David went out, and fought with the Philistines, and slew them with a great slaughter; and they fled from him.
Romans 16:10	Salute Apelles approved in Christ. Salute them which are of Aristobulus’ household.
1 Timothy 4:15	Meditate on these things; give yourself wholly to them; that your profiting may appear to all.
Job 35:15	But now, because it is not so, he has visited in his anger; yet he knows it not in great extremity:
John 19:22	Pilate answered, What I have written I have written.
Deuteronomy 22:15	Then shall the father of the damsel, and her mother, take and bring forth the tokens of the damsel’s virginity to the elders of the city in the gate:
Job 22:6	For you have taken a pledge from your brother for nothing, and stripped the naked of their clothing.
Job 39:5	Who has sent out the wild ass free? or who has loosed the bands of the wild ass?
John 11:32	Then when Mary was come where Jesus was, and saw him, she fell down at his feet, saying to him, Lord, if you had been here, my brother had not died.
1 Samuel 13:4	And all Israel heard say that Saul had smitten a garrison of the Philistines, and that Israel also was had in abomination with the Philistines. And the people were called together after Saul to Gilgal.
Psalm 63:5	My soul shall be satisfied as with marrow and fatness; and my mouth shall praise you with joyful lips:
Deuteronomy 19:18	And the judges shall make diligent inquisition: and, behold, if the witness be a false witness, and has testified falsely against his brother;
3 John 1:2	Beloved, I wish above all things that you may prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.
Luke 6:27	But I say to you which hear, Love your enemies, do good to them which hate you,
Jeremiah 36:7	It may be they will present their supplication before the LORD, and will return every one from his evil way: for great is the anger and the fury that the LORD has pronounced against this people.
Habakkuk 3:19	The LORD God is my strength, and he will make my feet like hinds’ feet, and he will make me to walk on my high places. To the chief singer on my stringed instruments.
Ruth 3:2	And now is not Boaz of our kindred, with whose maidens you were? Behold, he winnows barley to night in the threshing floor.
Leviticus 26:12	And I will walk among you, and will be your God, and you shall be my people.
Genesis 36:21	And Dishon, and Ezer, and Dishan: these are the dukes of the Horites, the children of Seir in the land of Edom.
Judges 19:9	And when the man rose up to depart, he, and his concubine, and his servant, his father in law, the damsel’s father, said to him, Behold, now the day draws toward evening, I pray you tarry all night: behold, the day grows to an end, lodge here, that your heart may be merry; and to morrow get you early on your way, that you may go home.
2 Kings 10:34	Now the rest of the acts of Jehu, and all that he did, and all his might, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
Luke 24:37	But they were terrified and affrighted, and supposed that they had seen a spirit.
Romans 4:19	And being not weak in faith, he considered not his own body now dead, when he was about an hundred years old, neither yet the deadness of Sarah’s womb:
Psalm 37:17	For the arms of the wicked shall be broken: but the LORD upholds the righteous.
1 Chronicles 9:25	And their brothers, which were in their villages, were to come after seven days from time to time with them.
Luke 3:36	Which was the son of Cainan, which was the son of Arphaxad, which was the son of Sem, which was the son of Noe, which was the son of Lamech,
Acts 4:13	Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John, and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marveled; and they took knowledge of them, that they had been with Jesus.
Job 19:22	Why do you persecute me as God, and are not satisfied with my flesh?
Exodus 16:33	And Moses said to Aaron, Take a pot, and put an omer full of manna therein, and lay it up before the LORD, to be kept for your generations.
Daniel 3:21	Then these men were bound in their coats, their hosen, and their hats, and their other garments, and were cast into the middle of the burning fiery furnace.
John 5:37	And the Father himself, which has sent me, has borne witness of me. You have neither heard his voice at any time, nor seen his shape.
Isaiah 52:7	How beautiful on the mountains are the feet of him that brings good tidings, that publishes peace; that brings good tidings of good, that publishes salvation; that said to Zion, Your God reigns!
Esther 2:1	After these things, when the wrath of king Ahasuerus was appeased, he remembered Vashti, and what she had done, and what was decreed against her.
Ecclesiastes 5:15	As he came forth of his mother’s womb, naked shall he return to go as he came, and shall take nothing of his labor, which he may carry away in his hand.
Isaiah 10:31	Madmenah is removed; the inhabitants of Gebim gather themselves to flee.
1 Samuel 20:42	And Jonathan said to David, Go in peace, for as much as we have sworn both of us in the name of the LORD, saying, The LORD be between me and you, and between my seed and your seed for ever. And he arose and departed: and Jonathan went into the city.
Mark 7:22	Thefts, covetousness, wickedness, deceit, lasciviousness, an evil eye, blasphemy, pride, foolishness:
Genesis 27:31	And he also had made savoury meat, and brought it to his father, and said to his father, Let my father arise, and eat of his son’s venison, that your soul may bless me.
Ezekiel 47:11	But the miry places thereof and the marshes thereof shall not be healed; they shall be given to salt.
Joel 1:14	Sanctify you a fast, call a solemn assembly, gather the elders and all the inhabitants of the land into the house of the LORD your God, and cry to the LORD,
Romans 3:2	Much every way: chiefly, because that to them were committed the oracles of God.
1 Samuel 12:12	And when you saw that Nahash the king of the children of Ammon came against you, you said to me, No; but a king shall reign over us: when the LORD your God was your king.
2 Thessalonians 1:3	We are bound to thank God always for you, brothers, as it is meet, because that your faith grows exceedingly, and the charity of every one of you all toward each other abounds;
Numbers 15:26	And it shall be forgiven all the congregation of the children of Israel, and the stranger that sojournes among them; seeing all the people were in ignorance.
Genesis 26:12	Then Isaac sowed in that land, and received in the same year an hundred times: and the LORD blessed him.
1 Samuel 4:9	Be strong and quit yourselves like men, O you Philistines, that you be not servants to the Hebrews, as they have been to you: quit yourselves like men, and fight.
Deuteronomy 15:12	And if your brother, an Hebrew man, or an Hebrew woman, be sold to you, and serve you six years; then in the seventh year you shall let him go free from you.
Jeremiah 25:27	Therefore you shall say to them, Thus said the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Drink you, and be drunken, and spew, and fall, and rise no more, because of the sword which I will send among you.
1 Chronicles 9:44	And Azel had six sons, whose names are these, Azrikam, Bocheru, and Ishmael, and Sheariah, and Obadiah, and Hanan: these were the sons of Azel.
Isaiah 55:11	So shall my word be that goes forth out of my mouth: it shall not return to me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it.
Proverbs 9:3	She has sent forth her maidens: she cries on the highest places of the city,
Psalm 79:5	How long, LORD? will you be angry for ever? shall your jealousy burn like fire?
Jeremiah 52:16	But Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard left certain of the poor of the land for vinedressers and for farmers.
1 Chronicles 16:6	Benaiah also and Jahaziel the priests with trumpets continually before the ark of the covenant of God.
Galatians 3:23	But before faith came, we were kept under the law, shut up to the faith which should afterwards be revealed.
Psalm 92:7	When the wicked spring as the grass, and when all the workers of iniquity do flourish; it is that they shall be destroyed for ever:
Joshua 24:11	And you went over Jordan, and came to Jericho: and the men of Jericho fought against you, the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Girgashites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites; and I delivered them into your hand.
1 Thessalonians 1:4	Knowing, brothers beloved, your election of God.
1 Samuel 11:9	And they said to the messengers that came, Thus shall you say to the men of Jabeshgilead, To morrow, by that time the sun be hot, you shall have help. And the messengers came and showed it to the men of Jabesh; and they were glad.
Acts 18:11	And he continued there a year and six months, teaching the word of God among them.
Numbers 13:20	And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be you of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes.
1 Corinthians 7:18	Is any man called being circumcised? let him not become uncircumcised. Is any called in uncircumcision? let him not be circumcised.
Ezekiel 20:33	As I live, said the Lord GOD, surely with a mighty hand, and with a stretched out arm, and with fury poured out, will I rule over you:
Galatians 2:1	Then fourteen years after I went up again to Jerusalem with Barnabas, and took Titus with me also.
2 Chronicles 19:5	And he set judges in the land throughout all the fenced cities of Judah, city by city,
Judges 5:19	The kings came and fought, then fought the kings of Canaan in Taanach by the waters of Megiddo; they took no gain of money.
Job 6:6	Can that which is unsavory be eaten without salt? or is there any taste in the white of an egg?
2 Samuel 24:18	And Gad came that day to David, and said to him, Go up, raise an altar to the LORD in the threshing floor of Araunah the Jebusite.
Numbers 31:45	And thirty thousand asses and five hundred,
Numbers 27:16	Let the LORD, the God of the spirits of all flesh, set a man over the congregation,
Leviticus 24:20	Breach for breach, eye for eye, tooth for tooth: as he has caused a blemish in a man, so shall it be done to him again.
Acts 28:25	And when they agreed not among themselves, they departed, after that Paul had spoken one word, Well spoke the Holy Ghost by Esaias the prophet to our fathers,
Genesis 18:26	And the LORD said, If I find in Sodom fifty righteous within the city, then I will spare all the place for their sakes.
Lamentations 3:20	My soul has them still in remembrance, and is humbled in me.
2 Samuel 1:22	From the blood of the slain, from the fat of the mighty, the bow of Jonathan turned not back, and the sword of Saul returned not empty.
Luke 17:31	In that day, he which shall be on the housetop, and his stuff in the house, let him not come down to take it away: and he that is in the field, let him likewise not return back.
Ezekiel 38:7	Be you prepared, and prepare for yourself, you, and all your company that are assembled to you, and be you a guard to them.
Jeremiah 49:1	Concerning the Ammonites, thus said the LORD; Has Israel no sons? has he no heir? why then does their king inherit Gad, and his people dwell in his cities?
Job 34:29	When he gives quietness, who then can make trouble? and when he hides his face, who then can behold him? whether it be done against a nation, or against a man only:
Numbers 22:29	And Balaam said to the ass, Because you have mocked me: I would there were a sword in my hand, for now would I kill you.
Ezekiel 36:26	A new heart also will I give you, and a new spirit will I put within you: and I will take away the stony heart out of your flesh, and I will give you an heart of flesh.
Ecclesiastes 1:6	The wind goes toward the south, and turns about to the north; it whirls about continually, and the wind returns again according to his circuits.
Judges 8:3	God has delivered into your hands the princes of Midian, Oreb and Zeeb: and what was I able to do in comparison of you? Then their anger was abated toward him, when he had said that.
1 Samuel 12:24	Only fear the LORD, and serve him in truth with all your heart: for consider how great things he has done for you.
Mark 5:43	And he charged them straightly that no man should know it; and commanded that something should be given her to eat.
Esther 9:4	For Mordecai was great in the king’s house, and his fame went out throughout all the provinces: for this man Mordecai waxed greater and greater.
2 Samuel 6:3	And they set the ark of God on a new cart, and brought it out of the house of Abinadab that was in Gibeah: and Uzzah and Ahio, the sons of Abinadab, drove the new cart.
1 Corinthians 16:9	For a great door and effectual is opened to me, and there are many adversaries.
Psalm 148:3	Praise you him, sun and moon: praise him, all you stars of light.
Joel 1:4	That which the palmerworm has left has the locust eaten; and that which the locust has left has the cankerworm eaten; and that which the cankerworm has left has the caterpillar eaten.
Ezekiel 36:14	Therefore you shall devour men no more, neither bereave your nations any more, said the Lord GOD.
Numbers 32:12	Save Caleb the son of Jephunneh the Kenezite, and Joshua the son of Nun: for they have wholly followed the LORD.
Jeremiah 31:17	And there is hope in your end, said the LORD, that your children shall come again to their own border.
Job 28:7	There is a path which no fowl knows, and which the vulture’s eye has not seen:
Acts 6:6	Whom they set before the apostles: and when they had prayed, they laid their hands on them.
Numbers 6:5	All the days of the vow of his separation there shall no razor come on his head: until the days be fulfilled, in the which he separates himself to the LORD, he shall be holy, and shall let the locks of the hair of his head grow.
Deuteronomy 4:19	And lest you lift up your eyes to heaven, and when you see the sun, and the moon, and the stars, even all the host of heaven, should be driven to worship them, and serve them, which the LORD your God has divided to all nations under the whole heaven.
Genesis 22:17	That in blessing I will bless you, and in multiplying I will multiply your seed as the stars of the heaven, and as the sand which is on the sea shore; and your seed shall possess the gate of his enemies;
Jeremiah 13:1	Thus said the LORD to me, Go and get you a linen girdle, and put it on your loins, and put it not in water.
Ezekiel 8:1	And it came to pass in the sixth year, in the sixth month, in the fifth day of the month, as I sat in my house, and the elders of Judah sat before me, that the hand of the Lord GOD fell there on me.
Proverbs 10:8	The wise in heart will receive commandments: but a prating fool shall fall.
1 Timothy 6:10	For the love of money is the root of all evil: which while some coveted after, they have erred from the faith, and pierced themselves through with many sorrows.
Amos 5:17	And in all vineyards shall be wailing: for I will pass through you, said the LORD.
Deuteronomy 31:23	And he gave Joshua the son of Nun a charge, and said, Be strong and of a good courage: for you shall bring the children of Israel into the land which I swore to them: and I will be with you.
Psalm 31:3	For you are my rock and my fortress; therefore for your name’s sake lead me, and guide me.
Ezra 2:26	The children of Ramah and Gaba, six hundred twenty and one.
Leviticus 1:9	But his inwards and his legs shall he wash in water: and the priest shall burn all on the altar, to be a burnt sacrifice, an offering made by fire, of a sweet smell to the LORD.
Psalm 105:44	And gave them the lands of the heathen: and they inherited the labor of the people;
Ecclesiastes 9:10	Whatever your hand finds to do, do it with your might; for there is no work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom, in the grave, where you go.
Job 1:14	And there came a messenger to Job, and said, The oxen were plowing, and the asses feeding beside them:
Job 41:11	Who has prevented me, that I should repay him? whatever is under the whole heaven is mine.
Lamentations 3:51	My eye affects my heart because of all the daughters of my city.
Proverbs 14:5	A faithful witness will not lie: but a false witness will utter lies.
Genesis 32:10	I am not worthy of the least of all the mercies, and of all the truth, which you have showed to your servant; for with my staff I passed over this Jordan; and now I am become two bands.
Acts 27:18	And we being exceedingly tossed with a tempest, the next day they lightened the ship;
Isaiah 41:14	Fear not, you worm Jacob, and you men of Israel; I will help you, said the LORD, and your redeemer, the Holy One of Israel.
1 Kings 12:20	And it came to pass, when all Israel heard that Jeroboam was come again, that they sent and called him to the congregation, and made him king over all Israel: there was none that followed the house of David, but the tribe of Judah only.
1 Samuel 10:17	And Samuel called the people together to the LORD to Mizpeh;
Joshua 24:26	And Joshua wrote these words in the book of the law of God, and took a great stone, and set it up there under an oak, that was by the sanctuary of the LORD.
Ecclesiastes 9:8	Let your garments be always white; and let your head lack no ointment.
Genesis 24:14	And let it come to pass, that the damsel to whom I shall say, Let down your pitcher, I pray you, that I may drink; and she shall say, Drink, and I will give your camels drink also: let the same be she that you have appointed for your servant Isaac; and thereby shall I know that you have showed kindness to my master.
Mark 7:20	And he said, That which comes out of the man, that defiles the man.
2 Samuel 10:4	Why Hanun took David’s servants, and shaved off the one half of their beards, and cut off their garments in the middle, even to their buttocks, and sent them away.
Hebrews 11:4	By faith Abel offered to God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain, by which he obtained witness that he was righteous, God testifying of his gifts: and by it he being dead yet speaks.
2 Corinthians 7:12	Why, though I wrote to you, I did it not for his cause that had done the wrong, nor for his cause that suffered wrong, but that our care for you in the sight of God might appear to you.
Leviticus 19:30	You shall keep my sabbaths, and reverence my sanctuary: I am the LORD.
Exodus 25:25	And you shall make to it a border of an hand breadth round about, and you shall make a golden crown to the border thereof round about.
Matthew 26:40	And he comes to the disciples, and finds them asleep, and said to Peter, What, could you not watch with me one hour?
James 5:5	You have lived in pleasure on the earth, and been wanton; you have nourished your hearts, as in a day of slaughter.
John 16:5	But now I go my way to him that sent me; and none of you asks me, Where go you?
Leviticus 9:23	And Moses and Aaron went into the tabernacle of the congregation, and came out, and blessed the people: and the glory of the LORD appeared to all the people.
Deuteronomy 10:12	And now, Israel, what does the LORD your God require of you, but to fear the LORD your God, to walk in all his ways, and to love him, and to serve the LORD your God with all your heart and with all your soul,
1 Samuel 17:4	And there went out a champion out of the camp of the Philistines, named Goliath, of Gath, whose height was six cubits and a span.
Numbers 18:17	But the firstling of a cow, or the firstling of a sheep, or the firstling of a goat, you shall not redeem; they are holy: you shall sprinkle their blood on the altar, and shall burn their fat for an offering made by fire, for a sweet smell to the LORD.
Deuteronomy 14:29	And the Levite, (because he has no part nor inheritance with you,) and the stranger, and the fatherless, and the widow, which are within your gates, shall come, and shall eat and be satisfied; that the LORD your God may bless you in all the work of your hand which you do.
2 Kings 9:32	And he lifted up his face to the window, and said, Who is on my side? who? And there looked out to him two or three eunuchs.
Numbers 32:1	Now the children of Reuben and the children of Gad had a very great multitude of cattle: and when they saw the land of Jazer, and the land of Gilead, that, behold, the place was a place for cattle;
Deuteronomy 31:29	For I know that after my death you will utterly corrupt yourselves, and turn aside from the way which I have commanded you; and evil will befall you in the latter days; because you will do evil in the sight of the LORD, to provoke him to anger through the work of your hands.
Isaiah 64:9	Be not wroth very sore, O LORD, neither remember iniquity for ever: behold, see, we beseech you, we are all your people.
2 Chronicles 23:7	And the Levites shall compass the king round about, every man with his weapons in his hand; and whoever else comes into the house, he shall be put to death: but be you with the king when he comes in, and when he goes out.
Matthew 13:56	And his sisters, are they not all with us? From where then has this man all these things?
Psalm 13:4	Lest my enemy say, I have prevailed against him; and those that trouble me rejoice when I am moved.
Jeremiah 25:33	And the slain of the LORD shall be at that day from one end of the earth even to the other end of the earth: they shall not be lamented, neither gathered, nor buried; they shall be dung on the ground.
Exodus 9:35	And the heart of Pharaoh was hardened, neither would he let the children of Israel go; as the LORD had spoken by Moses.
Matthew 6:6	But you, when you pray, enter into your closet, and when you have shut your door, pray to your Father which is in secret; and your Father which sees in secret shall reward you openly.
Job 3:2	And Job spoke, and said,
Jeremiah 49:35	Thus said the LORD of hosts; Behold, I will break the bow of Elam, the chief of their might.
Mark 9:23	Jesus said to him, If you can believe, all things are possible to him that believes.
John 4:25	The woman said to him, I know that Messias comes, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.
Malachi 4:6	And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse.
2 Kings 21:8	Neither will I make the feet of Israel move any more out of the land which I gave their fathers; only if they will observe to do according to all that I have commanded them, and according to all the law that my servant Moses commanded them.
1 Chronicles 2:10	And Ram begat Amminadab; and Amminadab begat Nahshon, prince of the children of Judah;
Genesis 30:1	And when Rachel saw that she bore Jacob no children, Rachel envied her sister; and said to Jacob, Give me children, or else I die.
Psalm 103:1	Bless the LORD, O my soul: and all that is within me, bless his holy name.
Deuteronomy 15:17	Then you shall take an awl, and thrust it through his ear to the door, and he shall be your servant for ever. And also to your maidservant you shall do likewise.
Mark 8:24	And he looked up, and said, I see men as trees, walking.
Leviticus 10:4	And Moses called Mishael and Elzaphan, the sons of Uzziel the uncle of Aaron, and said to them, Come near, carry your brothers from before the sanctuary out of the camp.
Judges 20:23	(And the children of Israel went up and wept before the LORD until even, and asked counsel of the LORD, saying, Shall I go up again to battle against the children of Benjamin my brother? And the LORD said, Go up against him.)
Romans 9:5	Whose are the fathers, and of whom as concerning the flesh Christ came, who is over all, God blessed for ever. Amen.
Jeremiah 37:15	Why the princes were wroth with Jeremiah, and smote him, and put him in prison in the house of Jonathan the scribe: for they had made that the prison.
John 19:13	When Pilate therefore heard that saying, he brought Jesus forth, and sat down in the judgment seat in a place that is called the Pavement, but in the Hebrew, Gabbatha.
1 Corinthians 3:12	Now if any man build on this foundation gold, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, stubble;
Proverbs 26:9	As a thorn goes up into the hand of a drunkard, so is a parable in the mouths of fools.
1 Chronicles 5:22	For there fell down many slain, because the war was of God. And they dwelled in their steads until the captivity.
Deuteronomy 3:6	And we utterly destroyed them, as we did to Sihon king of Heshbon, utterly destroying the men, women, and children, of every city.
2 Chronicles 21:9	Then Jehoram went forth with his princes, and all his chariots with him: and he rose up by night, and smote the Edomites which compassed him in, and the captains of the chariots.
Numbers 25:3	And Israel joined himself to Baalpeor: and the anger of the LORD was kindled against Israel.
Job 13:15	Though he slay me, yet will I trust in him: but I will maintain my own ways before him.
Daniel 11:8	And shall also carry captives into Egypt their gods, with their princes, and with their precious vessels of silver and of gold; and he shall continue more years than the king of the north.
1 Samuel 20:29	And he said, Let me go, I pray you; for our family has a sacrifice in the city; and my brother, he has commanded me to be there: and now, if I have found favor in your eyes, let me get away, I pray you, and see my brothers. Therefore he comes not to the king’s table.
Numbers 26:2	Take the sum of all the congregation of the children of Israel, from twenty years old and upward, throughout their fathers’ house, all that are able to go to war in Israel.
Proverbs 17:26	Also to punish the just is not good, nor to strike princes for equity.
2 Samuel 21:14	And the bones of Saul and Jonathan his son buried they in the country of Benjamin in Zelah, in the sepulcher of Kish his father: and they performed all that the king commanded. And after that God was entreated for the land.
Hebrews 5:10	Called of God an high priest after the order of Melchisedec.
John 11:8	His disciples say to him, Master, the Jews of late sought to stone you; and go you thither again?
Job 1:5	And it was so, when the days of their feasting were gone about, that Job sent and sanctified them, and rose up early in the morning, and offered burnt offerings according to the number of them all: for Job said, It may be that my sons have sinned, and cursed God in their hearts. Thus did Job continually.
Ezekiel 20:7	Then said I to them, Cast you away every man the abominations of his eyes, and defile not yourselves with the idols of Egypt: I am the LORD your God.
Numbers 22:18	And Balaam answered and said to the servants of Balak, If Balak would give me his house full of silver and gold, I cannot go beyond the word of the LORD my God, to do less or more.
Isaiah 3:3	The captain of fifty, and the honorable man, and the counselor, and the cunning artificer, and the eloquent orator.
2 Chronicles 35:14	And afterward they made ready for themselves, and for the priests: because the priests the sons of Aaron were busied in offering of burnt offerings and the fat until night; therefore the Levites prepared for themselves, and for the priests the sons of Aaron.
1 Samuel 26:13	Then David went over to the other side, and stood on the top of an hill afar off; a great space being between them:
Jeremiah 8:10	Therefore will I give their wives to others, and their fields to them that shall inherit them: for every one from the least even to the greatest is given to covetousness, from the prophet even to the priest every one deals falsely.
Nehemiah 6:4	Yet they sent to me four times after this sort; and I answered them after the same manner.
Isaiah 4:4	When the Lord shall have washed away the filth of the daughters of Zion, and shall have purged the blood of Jerusalem from the middle thereof by the spirit of judgment, and by the spirit of burning.
Jeremiah 22:27	But to the land whereunto they desire to return, thither shall they not return.
Acts 12:7	And, behold, the angel of the Lord came on him, and a light shined in the prison: and he smote Peter on the side, and raised him up, saying, Arise up quickly. And his chains fell off from his hands.
2 Peter 3:17	You therefore, beloved, seeing you know these things before, beware lest you also, being led away with the error of the wicked, fall from your own steadfastness.
Matthew 26:54	But how then shall the scriptures be fulfilled, that thus it must be?
1 Samuel 7:15	And Samuel judged Israel all the days of his life.
John 19:21	Then said the chief priests of the Jews to Pilate, Write not, The King of the Jews; but that he said, I am King of the Jews.
John 4:34	Jesus said to them, My meat is to do the will of him that sent me, and to finish his work.
Job 14:11	As the waters fail from the sea, and the flood decays and dries up:
Acts 26:25	But he said, I am not mad, most noble Festus; but speak forth the words of truth and soberness.
Psalm 84:9	Behold, O God our shield, and look on the face of your anointed.
Mark 5:12	And all the devils sought him, saying, Send us into the swine, that we may enter into them.
Hebrews 1:8	But to the Son he said, Your throne, O God, is for ever and ever: a scepter of righteousness is the scepter of your kingdom.
Exodus 30:35	And you shall make it a perfume, a confection after the are of the apothecary, tempered together, pure and holy:
John 8:44	You are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father you will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and stayed not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaks a lie, he speaks of his own: for he is a liar, and the father of it.
Ephesians 5:1	Be you therefore followers of God, as dear children;
Joshua 12:6	Them did Moses the servant of the LORD and the children of Israel smite: and Moses the servant of the LORD gave it for a possession to the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half tribe of Manasseh.
2 Chronicles 30:7	And be not you like your fathers, and like your brothers, which trespassed against the LORD God of their fathers, who therefore gave them up to desolation, as you see.
1 Chronicles 29:18	O LORD God of Abraham, Isaac, and of Israel, our fathers, keep this for ever in the imagination of the thoughts of the heart of your people, and prepare their heart to you:
Jeremiah 15:18	Why is my pain perpetual, and my wound incurable, which refuses to be healed? will you be altogether to me as a liar, and as waters that fail?
Luke 21:8	And he said, Take heed that you be not deceived: for many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and the time draws near: go you not therefore after them.
Psalm 119:56	This I had, because I kept your precepts.
Joshua 13:5	And the land of the Giblites, and all Lebanon, toward the sun rise, from Baalgad under mount Hermon to the entering into Hamath.
Psalm 74:4	Your enemies roar in the middle of your congregations; they set up their ensigns for signs.
Amos 4:5	And offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving with leaven, and proclaim and publish the free offerings: for this likes you, O you children of Israel, said the Lord GOD.
Jeremiah 42:17	So shall it be with all the men that set their faces to go into Egypt to sojourn there; they shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence: and none of them shall remain or escape from the evil that I will bring on them.
Joshua 4:9	And Joshua set up twelve stones in the middle of Jordan, in the place where the feet of the priests which bore the ark of the covenant stood: and they are there to this day.
Acts 1:20	For it is written in the book of Psalms, Let his habitation be desolate, and let no man dwell therein: and his position as bishop let another take.
2 Samuel 3:5	And the sixth, Ithream, by Eglah David’s wife. These were born to David in Hebron.
Proverbs 2:21	For the upright shall dwell in the land, and the perfect shall remain in it.
Exodus 34:24	For I will cast out the nations before you, and enlarge your borders: neither shall any man desire your land, when you shall go up to appear before the LORD your God thrice in the year.
Zechariah 12:14	All the families that remain, every family apart, and their wives apart.
Nahum 3:11	You also shall be drunken: you shall be hid, you also shall seek strength because of the enemy.
Leviticus 6:24	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Ezekiel 47:21	So shall you divide this land to you according to the tribes of Israel.
James 2:7	Do not they blaspheme that worthy name by the which you are called?
2 Chronicles 26:5	And he sought God in the days of Zechariah, who had understanding in the visions of God: and as long as he sought the LORD, God made him to prosper.
Ezekiel 12:28	Therefore say to them, Thus said the Lord GOD; There shall none of my words be prolonged any more, but the word which I have spoken shall be done, said the Lord GOD.
1 Thessalonians 2:18	Why we would have come to you, even I Paul, once and again; but Satan hindered us.
Joshua 13:14	Only to the tribes of Levi he gave none inheritance; the sacrifices of the LORD God of Israel made by fire are their inheritance, as he said to them.
Isaiah 26:18	We have been with child, we have been in pain, we have as it were brought forth wind; we have not worked any deliverance in the earth; neither have the inhabitants of the world fallen.
1 Chronicles 15:28	Thus all Israel brought up the ark of the covenant of the LORD with shouting, and with sound of the cornet, and with trumpets, and with cymbals, making a noise with psalteries and harps.
Exodus 22:14	And if a man borrow ought of his neighbor, and it be hurt, or die, the owner thereof being not with it, he shall surely make it good.
Proverbs 5:15	Drink waters out of your own cistern, and running waters out of your own well.
Matthew 16:27	For the Son of man shall come in the glory of his Father with his angels; and then he shall reward every man according to his works.
2 Corinthians 11:26	In journeys often, in perils of waters, in perils of robbers, in perils by my own countrymen, in perils by the heathen, in perils in the city, in perils in the wilderness, in perils in the sea, in perils among false brothers;
Psalm 113:7	He raises up the poor out of the dust, and lifts the needy out of the dunghill;
Romans 12:5	So we, being many, are one body in Christ, and every one members one of another.
Judges 6:24	Then Gideon built an altar there to the LORD, and called it Jehovahshalom: to this day it is yet in Ophrah of the Abiezrites.
Psalm 103:14	For he knows our frame; he remembers that we are dust.
Acts 7:16	And were carried over into Sychem, and laid in the sepulcher that Abraham bought for a sum of money of the sons of Emmor the father of Sychem.
1 Kings 18:1	And it came to pass after many days, that the word of the LORD came to Elijah in the third year, saying, Go, show yourself to Ahab; and I will send rain on the earth.
Numbers 30:14	But if her husband altogether hold his peace at her from day to day; then he establishes all her vows, or all her bonds, which are on her: he confirms them, because he held his peace at her in the day that he heard them.
2 Samuel 11:15	And he wrote in the letter, saying, Set you Uriah in the forefront of the hottest battle, and retire you from him, that he may be smitten, and die.
Matthew 23:32	Fill you up then the measure of your fathers.
Proverbs 17:16	Why is there a price in the hand of a fool to get wisdom, seeing he has no heart to it?
Psalm 80:10	The hills were covered with the shadow of it, and the boughs thereof were like the goodly cedars.
Proverbs 21:16	The man that wanders out of the way of understanding shall remain in the congregation of the dead.
2 Corinthians 4:18	While we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen: for the things which are seen are temporal; but the things which are not seen are eternal.
Isaiah 65:9	And I will bring forth a seed out of Jacob, and out of Judah an inheritor of my mountains: and my elect shall inherit it, and my servants shall dwell there.
Proverbs 20:7	The just man walks in his integrity: his children are blessed after him.
Ezekiel 10:11	When they went, they went on their four sides; they turned not as they went, but to the place where the head looked they followed it; they turned not as they went.
1 Chronicles 16:14	He is the LORD our God; his judgments are in all the earth.
1 Chronicles 9:31	And Mattithiah, one of the Levites, who was the firstborn of Shallum the Korahite, had the set office over the things that were made in the pans.
1 Chronicles 9:32	And other of their brothers, of the sons of the Kohathites, were over the show bread, to prepare it every sabbath.
2 Samuel 6:12	And it was told king David, saying, The LORD has blessed the house of Obededom, and all that pertains to him, because of the ark of God. So David went and brought up the ark of God from the house of Obededom into the city of David with gladness.
Genesis 30:37	And Jacob took him rods of green poplar, and of the hazel and chesnut tree; and pilled white strakes in them, and made the white appear which was in the rods.
Jeremiah 51:36	Therefore thus said the LORD; Behold, I will plead your cause, and take vengeance for you; and I will dry up her sea, and make her springs dry.
Job 20:6	Though his excellency mount up to the heavens, and his head reach to the clouds;
Esther 8:16	The Jews had light, and gladness, and joy, and honor.
Ecclesiastes 1:3	What profit has a man of all his labor which he takes under the sun?
Psalm 25:7	Remember not the sins of my youth, nor my transgressions: according to your mercy remember you me for your goodness’ sake, O LORD.
Exodus 34:35	And the children of Israel saw the face of Moses, that the skin of Moses’ face shone: and Moses put the veil on his face again, until he went in to speak with him.
Psalm 39:9	I was dumb, I opened not my mouth; because you did it.
Joel 1:19	O LORD, to you will I cry: for the fire has devoured the pastures of the wilderness, and the flame has burned all the trees of the field.
John 16:4	But these things have I told you, that when the time shall come, you may remember that I told you of them. And these things I said not to you at the beginning, because I was with you.
Jeremiah 43:4	So Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces, and all the people, obeyed not the voice of the LORD, to dwell in the land of Judah.
Numbers 24:13	If Balak would give me his house full of silver and gold, I cannot go beyond the commandment of the LORD, to do either good or bad of my own mind; but what the LORD said, that will I speak?
Mark 14:26	And when they had sung an hymn, they went out into the mount of Olives.
Genesis 48:14	And Israel stretched out his right hand, and laid it on Ephraim’s head, who was the younger, and his left hand on Manasseh’s head, guiding his hands wittingly; for Manasseh was the firstborn.
Numbers 16:17	And take every man his censer, and put incense in them, and bring you before the LORD every man his censer, two hundred and fifty censers; you also, and Aaron, each of you his censer.
Proverbs 31:13	She seeks wool, and flax, and works willingly with her hands.
Proverbs 18:18	The lot causes contentions to cease, and parts between the mighty.
1 John 2:14	I have written to you, fathers, because you have known him that is from the beginning. I have written to you, young men, because you are strong, and the word of God stays in you, and you have overcome the wicked one.
Leviticus 26:26	And when I have broken the staff of your bread, ten women shall bake your bread in one oven, and they shall deliver you your bread again by weight: and you shall eat, and not be satisfied.
Psalm 24:2	For he has founded it on the seas, and established it on the floods.
Genesis 2:24	Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall join to his wife: and they shall be one flesh.
Exodus 31:13	Speak you also to the children of Israel, saying, Truly my sabbaths you shall keep: for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations; that you may know that I am the LORD that does sanctify you.
2 Chronicles 30:26	So there was great joy in Jerusalem: for since the time of Solomon the son of David king of Israel there was not the like in Jerusalem.
Mark 6:14	And king Herod heard of him; (for his name was spread abroad:) and he said, That John the Baptist was risen from the dead, and therefore mighty works do show forth themselves in him.
Isaiah 21:16	For thus has the LORD said to me, Within a year, according to the years of an hireling, and all the glory of Kedar shall fail:
2 Kings 24:6	So Jehoiakim slept with his fathers: and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 15:17	In the nine and thirtieth year of Azariah king of Judah began Menahem the son of Gadi to reign over Israel, and reigned ten years in Samaria.
Proverbs 4:11	I have taught you in the way of wisdom; I have led you in right paths.
1 Samuel 25:23	And when Abigail saw David, she hurried, and lighted off the ass, and fell before David on her face, and bowed herself to the ground,
Deuteronomy 26:1	And it shall be, when you are come in to the land which the LORD your God gives you for an inheritance, and possess it, and dwell therein;
Psalm 90:9	For all our days are passed away in your wrath: we spend our years as a tale that is told.
Job 37:22	Fair weather comes out of the north: with God is terrible majesty.
Hebrews 11:29	By faith they passed through the Red sea as by dry land: which the Egyptians assaying to do were drowned.
James 2:19	You believe that there is one God; you do well: the devils also believe, and tremble.
Isaiah 2:3	And many people shall go and say, Come you, and let us go up to the mountain of the LORD, to the house of the God of Jacob; and he will teach us of his ways, and we will walk in his paths: for out of Zion shall go forth the law, and the word of the LORD from Jerusalem.
Ezekiel 45:17	And it shall be the prince’s part to give burnt offerings, and meat offerings, and drink offerings, in the feasts, and in the new moons, and in the sabbaths, in all solemnities of the house of Israel: he shall prepare the sin offering, and the meat offering, and the burnt offering, and the peace offerings, to make reconciliation for the house of Israel.
Genesis 25:34	Then Jacob gave Esau bread and pottage of lentils; and he did eat and drink, and rose up, and went his way: thus Esau despised his birthright.
1 Kings 19:12	And after the earthquake a fire; but the LORD was not in the fire: and after the fire a still small voice.
Numbers 32:19	For we will not inherit with them on yonder side Jordan, or forward; because our inheritance is fallen to us on this side Jordan eastward.
Genesis 38:24	And it came to pass about three months after, that it was told Judah, saying, Tamar your daughter in law has played the harlot; and also, behold, she is with child by prostitution. And Judah said, Bring her forth, and let her be burnt.
Joshua 15:12	And the west border was to the great sea, and the coast thereof. This is the coast of the children of Judah round about according to their families.
Leviticus 5:17	And if a soul sin, and commit any of these things which are forbidden to be done by the commandments of the LORD; though he knew it not, yet is he guilty, and shall bear his iniquity.
Jeremiah 50:24	I have laid a snare for you, and you are also taken, O Babylon, and you were not aware: you are found, and also caught, because you have striven against the LORD.
Psalm 87:2	The LORD loves the gates of Zion more than all the dwellings of Jacob.
Isaiah 40:11	He shall feed his flock like a shepherd: he shall gather the lambs with his arm, and carry them in his bosom, and shall gently lead those that are with young.
2 Samuel 22:17	He sent from above, he took me; he drew me out of many waters;
Numbers 4:38	And those that were numbered of the sons of Gershon, throughout their families, and by the house of their fathers,
Romans 4:20	He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief; but was strong in faith, giving glory to God;
Numbers 14:18	The LORD is long-suffering, and of great mercy, forgiving iniquity and transgression, and by no means clearing the guilty, visiting the iniquity of the fathers on the children to the third and fourth generation.
Jeremiah 33:10	Thus said the LORD; Again there shall be heard in this place, which you say shall be desolate without man and without beast, even in the cities of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem, that are desolate, without man, and without inhabitant, and without beast,
Psalm 78:42	They remembered not his hand, nor the day when he delivered them from the enemy.
Genesis 36:40	And these are the names of the dukes that came of Esau, according to their families, after their places, by their names; duke Timnah, duke Alvah, duke Jetheth,
Jeremiah 49:38	And I will set my throne in Elam, and will destroy from there the king and the princes, said the LORD.
Judges 12:7	And Jephthah judged Israel six years. Then died Jephthah the Gileadite, and was buried in one of the cities of Gilead.
Acts 5:27	And when they had brought them, they set them before the council: and the high priest asked them,
Daniel 3:23	And these three men, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, fell down bound into the middle of the burning fiery furnace.
Acts 2:35	Until I make your foes your footstool.
1 Chronicles 8:3	And the sons of Bela were, Addar, and Gera, and Abihud,
Luke 14:1	And it came to pass, as he went into the house of one of the chief Pharisees to eat bread on the sabbath day, that they watched him.
Luke 23:24	And Pilate gave sentence that it should be as they required.
Lamentations 1:13	From above has he sent fire into my bones, and it prevails against them: he has spread a net for my feet, he has turned me back: he has made me desolate and faint all the day.
Proverbs 6:17	A proud look, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood,
Jeremiah 32:1	The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD in the tenth year of Zedekiah king of Judah, which was the eighteenth year of Nebuchadrezzar.
Colossians 1:13	Who has delivered us from the power of darkness, and has translated us into the kingdom of his dear Son:
Matthew 17:5	While he yet spoke, behold, a bright cloud overshadowed them: and behold a voice out of the cloud, which said, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased; hear you him.
Matthew 6:16	Moreover when you fast, be not, as the hypocrites, of a sad countenance: for they disfigure their faces, that they may appear to men to fast. Truly I say to you, They have their reward.
2 Corinthians 11:20	For you suffer, if a man bring you into bondage, if a man devour you, if a man take of you, if a man exalt himself, if a man smite you on the face.
1 Samuel 4:22	And she said, The glory is departed from Israel: for the ark of God is taken.
Song of Solomon 3:6	Who is this that comes out of the wilderness like pillars of smoke, perfumed with myrrh and frankincense, with all powders of the merchant?
Jeremiah 47:5	Baldness is come on Gaza; Ashkelon is cut off with the remnant of their valley: how long will you cut yourself?
Revelation 5:10	And have made us to our God kings and priests: and we shall reign on the earth.
Ezekiel 36:22	Therefore say to the house of Israel, thus said the Lord GOD; I do not this for your sakes, O house of Israel, but for my holy name’s sake, which you have profaned among the heathen, where you went.
Jeremiah 6:18	Therefore hear, you nations, and know, O congregation, what is among them.
Exodus 23:22	But if you shall indeed obey his voice, and do all that I speak; then I will be an enemy to your enemies, and an adversary to your adversaries.
Numbers 25:10	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Matthew 26:13	Truly I say to you, Wherever this gospel shall be preached in the whole world, there shall also this, that this woman has done, be told for a memorial of her.
Exodus 17:8	Then came Amalek, and fought with Israel in Rephidim.
1 Kings 20:39	And as the king passed by, he cried to the king: and he said, Your servant went out into the middle of the battle; and, behold, a man turned aside, and brought a man to me, and said, Keep this man: if by any means he be missing, then shall your life be for his life, or else you shall pay a talent of silver.
Isaiah 42:9	Behold, the former things are come to pass, and new things do I declare: before they spring forth I tell you of them.
Numbers 35:2	Command the children of Israel, that they give to the Levites of the inheritance of their possession cities to dwell in; and you shall give also to the Levites suburbs for the cities round about them.
2 Kings 10:26	And they brought forth the images out of the house of Baal, and burned them.
Ezekiel 23:28	For thus said the Lord GOD; Behold, I will deliver you into the hand of them whom you hate, into the hand of them from whom your mind is alienated:
1 Kings 18:12	And it shall come to pass, as soon as I am gone from you, that the Spirit of the LORD shall carry you where I know not; and so when I come and tell Ahab, and he cannot find you, he shall slay me: but I your servant fear the LORD from my youth.
Luke 1:52	He has put down the mighty from their seats, and exalted them of low degree.
Genesis 37:6	And he said to them, Hear, I pray you, this dream which I have dreamed:
Joshua 5:11	And they did eat of the old corn of the land on the morrow after the passover, unleavened cakes, and parched corn in the selfsame day.
Revelation 19:9	And he said to me, Write, Blessed are they which are called to the marriage supper of the Lamb. And he said to me, These are the true sayings of God.
Deuteronomy 32:16	They provoked him to jealousy with strange gods, with abominations provoked they him to anger.
Genesis 41:48	And he gathered up all the food of the seven years, which were in the land of Egypt, and laid up the food in the cities: the food of the field, which was round about every city, laid he up in the same.
Jeremiah 18:7	At what instant I shall speak concerning a nation, and concerning a kingdom, to pluck up, and to pull down, and to destroy it;
2 Chronicles 7:7	Moreover Solomon hallowed the middle of the court that was before the house of the LORD: for there he offered burnt offerings, and the fat of the peace offerings, because the brazen altar which Solomon had made was not able to receive the burnt offerings, and the meat offerings, and the fat.
Joel 1:18	How do the beasts groan! the herds of cattle are perplexed, because they have no pasture; yes, the flocks of sheep are made desolate.
John 14:7	If you had known me, you should have known my Father also: and from now on you know him, and have seen him.
Deuteronomy 16:16	Three times in a year shall all your males appear before the LORD your God in the place which he shall choose; in the feast of unleavened bread, and in the feast of weeks, and in the feast of tabernacles: and they shall not appear before the LORD empty:
2 Chronicles 13:1	Now in the eighteenth year of king Jeroboam began Abijah to reign over Judah.
Joshua 4:21	And he spoke to the children of Israel, saying, When your children shall ask their fathers in time to come, saying, What mean these stones?
Numbers 23:13	And Balak said to him, Come, I pray you, with me to another place, from from where you may see them: you shall see but the utmost part of them, and shall not see them all: and curse me them from there.
1 Corinthians 15:48	As is the earthy, such are they also that are earthy: and as is the heavenly, such are they also that are heavenly.
2 Corinthians 6:6	By pureness, by knowledge, by long-suffering, by kindness, by the Holy Ghost, by love unfeigned,
Numbers 7:2	That the princes of Israel, heads of the house of their fathers, who were the princes of the tribes, and were over them that were numbered, offered:
2 Kings 12:5	Let the priests take it to them, every man of his acquaintance: and let them repair the breaches of the house, wherever any breach shall be found.
James 3:10	Out of the same mouth proceeds blessing and cursing. My brothers, these things ought not so to be.
Ezekiel 7:21	And I will give it into the hands of the strangers for a prey, and to the wicked of the earth for a spoil; and they shall pollute it.
Psalm 109:27	That they may know that this is your hand; that you, LORD, have done it.
Joshua 19:6	And Bethlebaoth, and Sharuhen; thirteen cities and their villages:
1 Kings 15:16	And there was war between Asa and Baasha king of Israel all their days.
1 Samuel 31:7	And when the men of Israel that were on the other side of the valley, and they that were on the other side Jordan, saw that the men of Israel fled, and that Saul and his sons were dead, they forsook the cities, and fled; and the Philistines came and dwelled in them.
Proverbs 20:13	Love not sleep, lest you come to poverty; open your eyes, and you shall be satisfied with bread.
1 Corinthians 15:43	It is sown in dishonor; it is raised in glory: it is sown in weakness; it is raised in power:
Hebrews 12:4	You have not yet resisted to blood, striving against sin.
Galatians 5:10	I have confidence in you through the Lord, that you will be none otherwise minded: but he that troubles you shall bear his judgment, whoever he be.
John 5:11	He answered them, He that made me whole, the same said to me, Take up your bed, and walk.
Psalm 55:6	And I said, Oh that I had wings like a dove! for then would I fly away, and be at rest.
Psalm 72:20	The prayers of David the son of Jesse are ended.
2 Samuel 1:18	(Also he bade them teach the children of Judah the use of the bow: behold, it is written in the book of Jasher.)
Numbers 35:10	Speak to the children of Israel, and say to them, When you be come over Jordan into the land of Canaan;
Acts 25:15	About whom, when I was at Jerusalem, the chief priests and the elders of the Jews informed me, desiring to have judgment against him.
Job 17:3	Lay down now, put me in a surety with you; who is he that will strike hands with me?
1 Chronicles 24:4	And there were more chief men found of the sons of Eleazar than of the sons of Ithamar, and thus were they divided. Among the sons of Eleazar there were sixteen chief men of the house of their fathers, and eight among the sons of Ithamar according to the house of their fathers.
James 1:11	For the sun is no sooner risen with a burning heat, but it wither the grass, and the flower thereof falls, and the grace of the fashion of it perishes: so also shall the rich man fade away in his ways.
Ezekiel 16:7	I have caused you to multiply as the bud of the field, and you have increased and waxen great, and you are come to excellent ornaments: your breasts are fashioned, and your hair is grown, whereas you were naked and bore.
Psalm 119:150	They draw near that follow after mischief: they are far from your law.
Exodus 37:29	And he made the holy anointing oil, and the pure incense of sweet spices, according to the work of the apothecary.
Hebrews 2:16	For truly he took not on him the nature of angels; but he took on him the seed of Abraham.
Ezekiel 27:9	The ancients of Gebal and the wise men thereof were in you your caulkers: all the ships of the sea with their mariners were in you to occupy your merchandise.
Ezekiel 19:1	Moreover take you up a lamentation for the princes of Israel,
Revelation 2:23	And I will kill her children with death; and all the churches shall know that I am he which searches the reins and hearts: and I will give to every one of you according to your works.
Psalm 18:44	As soon as they hear of me, they shall obey me: the strangers shall submit themselves to me.
1 Samuel 27:7	And the time that David dwelled in the country of the Philistines was a full year and four months.
2 Kings 25:24	And Gedaliah swore to them, and to their men, and said to them, Fear not to be the servants of the Chaldees: dwell in the land, and serve the king of Babylon; and it shall be well with you.
1 Chronicles 8:34	And the son of Jonathan was Meribbaal; and Meribbaal begat Micah.
Luke 23:14	Said to them, You have brought this man to me, as one that perverts the people: and, behold, I, having examined him before you, have found no fault in this man touching those things whereof you accuse him:
Job 39:2	Can you number the months that they fulfill? or know you the time when they bring forth?
1 Chronicles 27:2	Over the first course for the first month was Jashobeam the son of Zabdiel: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
Deuteronomy 7:19	The great temptations which your eyes saw, and the signs, and the wonders, and the mighty hand, and the stretched out arm, whereby the LORD your God brought you out: so shall the LORD your God do to all the people of whom you are afraid.
Mark 6:11	And whoever shall not receive you, nor hear you, when you depart there, shake off the dust under your feet for a testimony against them. Truly I say to you, It shall be more tolerable for Sodom and Gomorrha in the day of judgment, than for that city.
Zechariah 2:11	And many nations shall be joined to the LORD in that day, and shall be my people: and I will dwell in the middle of you, and you shall know that the LORD of hosts has sent me to you.
Lamentations 1:4	The ways of Zion do mourn, because none come to the solemn feasts: all her gates are desolate: her priests sigh, her virgins are afflicted, and she is in bitterness.
Joshua 22:31	And Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest said to the children of Reuben, and to the children of Gad, and to the children of Manasseh, This day we perceive that the LORD is among us, because you have not committed this trespass against the LORD: now you have delivered the children of Israel out of the hand of the LORD.
Ezekiel 48:29	This is the land which you shall divide by lot to the tribes of Israel for inheritance, and these are their portions, said the Lord GOD.
Judges 11:40	That the daughters of Israel went yearly to lament the daughter of Jephthah the Gileadite four days in a year.
Luke 18:31	Then he took to him the twelve, and said to them, Behold, we go up to Jerusalem, and all things that are written by the prophets concerning the Son of man shall be accomplished.
1 Corinthians 8:5	For though there be that are called gods, whether in heaven or in earth, (as there be gods many, and lords many,)
Song of Solomon 4:8	Come with me from Lebanon, my spouse, with me from Lebanon: look from the top of Amana, from the top of Shenir and Hermon, from the lions’ dens, from the mountains of the leopards.
Deuteronomy 17:18	And it shall be, when he sits on the throne of his kingdom, that he shall write him a copy of this law in a book out of that which is before the priests the Levites:
Acts 8:33	In his humiliation his judgment was taken away: and who shall declare his generation? for his life is taken from the earth.
Deuteronomy 33:22	And of Dan he said, Dan is a lion’s whelp: he shall leap from Bashan.
Psalm 114:5	What ailed you, O you sea, that you fled? you Jordan, that you were driven back?
2 Chronicles 20:11	Behold, I say, how they reward us, to come to cast us out of your possession, which you have given us to inherit.
Colossians 2:3	In whom are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge.
Matthew 5:26	Truly I say to you, You shall by no means come out there, till you have paid the uttermost farthing.
Nehemiah 4:1	But it came to pass, that when Sanballat heard that we built the wall, he was wroth, and took great indignation, and mocked the Jews.
Philippians 1:17	But the other of love, knowing that I am set for the defense of the gospel.
Hebrews 3:2	Who was faithful to him that appointed him, as also Moses was faithful in all his house.
Job 29:15	I was eyes to the blind, and feet was I to the lame.
1 Timothy 6:1	Let as many servants as are under the yoke count their own masters worthy of all honor, that the name of God and his doctrine be not blasphemed.
Lamentations 4:15	They cried to them, Depart you; it is unclean; depart, depart, touch not: when they fled away and wandered, they said among the heathen, They shall no more sojourn there.
2 Samuel 3:14	And David sent messengers to Ishbosheth Saul’s son, saying, Deliver me my wife Michal, which I espoused to me for an hundred foreskins of the Philistines.
Proverbs 6:27	Can a man take fire in his bosom, and his clothes not be burned?
2 Kings 8:16	And in the fifth year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel, Jehoshaphat being then king of Judah, Jehoram the son of Je hoshaphat king of Judah began to reign.
Leviticus 16:17	And there shall be no man in the tabernacle of the congregation when he goes in to make an atonement in the holy place, until he come out, and have made an atonement for himself, and for his household, and for all the congregation of Israel.
Proverbs 19:7	All the brothers of the poor do hate him: how much more do his friends go far from him? he pursues them with words, yet they are wanting to him.
Nehemiah 9:3	And they stood up in their place, and read in the book of the law of the LORD their God one fourth part of the day; and another fourth part they confessed, and worshipped the LORD their God.
Genesis 8:21	And the LORD smelled a sweet smell; and the LORD said in his heart, I will not again curse the ground any more for man’s sake; for the imagination of man’s heart is evil from his youth; neither will I again smite any more every thing living, as I have done.
Psalm 132:14	This is my rest for ever: here will I dwell; for I have desired it.
Exodus 7:3	And I will harden Pharaoh’s heart, and multiply my signs and my wonders in the land of Egypt.
Genesis 21:14	And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and took bread, and a bottle of water, and gave it to Hagar, putting it on her shoulder, and the child, and sent her away: and she departed, and wandered in the wilderness of Beersheba.
Exodus 11:7	But against any of the children of Israel shall not a dog move his tongue, against man or beast: that you may know how that the LORD does put a difference between the Egyptians and Israel.
Isaiah 34:3	Their slain also shall be cast out, and their stink shall come up out of their carcasses, and the mountains shall be melted with their blood.
Jeremiah 37:9	Thus said the LORD; Deceive not yourselves, saying, The Chaldeans shall surely depart from us: for they shall not depart.
Ezekiel 22:21	Yes, I will gather you, and blow on you in the fire of my wrath, and you shall be melted in the middle therof.
Deuteronomy 1:9	And I spoke to you at that time, saying, I am not able to bear you myself alone:
Luke 12:30	For all these things do the nations of the world seek after: and your Father knows that you have need of these things.
Psalm 106:15	And he gave them their request; but sent leanness into their soul.
1 Kings 10:25	And they brought every man his present, vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and garments, and armor, and spices, horses, and mules, a rate year by year.
1 Chronicles 29:13	Now therefore, our God, we thank you, and praise your glorious name.
Joshua 4:24	That all the people of the earth might know the hand of the LORD, that it is mighty: that you might fear the LORD your God for ever.
Proverbs 28:14	Happy is the man that fears always: but he that hardens his heart shall fall into mischief.
Numbers 7:19	He offered for his offering one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:
2 Samuel 22:15	And he sent out arrows, and scattered them; lightning, and discomfited them.
Job 31:23	For destruction from God was a terror to me, and by reason of his highness I could not endure.
Acts 12:17	But he, beckoning to them with the hand to hold their peace, declared to them how the Lord had brought him out of the prison. And he said, Go show these things to James, and to the brothers. And he departed, and went into another place.
Job 13:11	Shall not his excellency make you afraid? and his dread fall on you?
John 19:39	And there came also Nicodemus, which at the first came to Jesus by night, and brought a mixture of myrrh and aloes, about an hundred pound weight.
Ezekiel 32:15	When I shall make the land of Egypt desolate, and the country shall be destitute of that whereof it was full, when I shall smite all them that dwell therein, then shall they know that I am the LORD.
Romans 15:23	But now having no more place in these parts, and having a great desire these many years to come to you;
Matthew 9:10	And it came to pass, as Jesus sat at meat in the house, behold, many publicans and sinners came and sat down with him and his disciples.
Psalm 50:21	These things have you done, and I kept silence; you thought that I was altogether such an one as yourself: but I will reprove you, and set them in order before your eyes.
1 Kings 10:28	And Solomon had horses brought out of Egypt, and linen yarn: the king’s merchants received the linen yarn at a price.
Proverbs 13:12	Hope deferred makes the heart sick: but when the desire comes, it is a tree of life.
Mark 3:18	And Andrew, and Philip, and Bartholomew, and Matthew, and Thomas, and James the son of Alphaeus, and Thaddaeus, and Simon the Canaanite,
Micah 7:15	According to the days of your coming out of the land of Egypt will I show to him marvelous things.
Malachi 4:4	Remember you the law of Moses my servant, which I commanded to him in Horeb for all Israel, with the statutes and judgments.
2 Chronicles 6:18	But will God in very deed dwell with men on the earth? behold, heaven and the heaven of heavens cannot contain you; how much less this house which I have built!
1 Chronicles 26:24	And Shebuel the son of Gershom, the son of Moses, was ruler of the treasures.
Exodus 19:15	And he said to the people, Be ready against the third day: come not at your wives.
2 Chronicles 30:9	For if you turn again to the LORD, your brothers and your children shall find compassion before them that lead them captive, so that they shall come again into this land: for the LORD your God is gracious and merciful, and will not turn away his face from you, if you return to him.
Hebrews 11:30	By faith the walls of Jericho fell down, after they were compassed about seven days.
1 Samuel 29:4	And the princes of the Philistines were wroth with him; and the princes of the Philistines said to him, Make this fellow return, that he may go again to his place which you have appointed him, and let him not go down with us to battle, lest in the battle he be an adversary to us: for with which should he reconcile himself to his master? should it not be with the heads of these men?
Isaiah 14:6	He who smote the people in wrath with a continual stroke, he that ruled the nations in anger, is persecuted, and none hinders.
Jeremiah 24:4	Again the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Song of Solomon 2:10	My beloved spoke, and said to me, Rise up, my love, my fair one, and come away.
Exodus 36:38	And the five pillars of it with their hooks: and he overlaid their capitals and their fillets with gold: but their five sockets were of brass.
Romans 4:4	Now to him that works is the reward not reckoned of grace, but of debt.
Luke 23:23	And they were instant with loud voices, requiring that he might be crucified. And the voices of them and of the chief priests prevailed.
Lamentations 1:14	The yoke of my transgressions is bound by his hand: they are wreathed, and come up on my neck: he has made my strength to fall, the LORD has delivered me into their hands, from whom I am not able to rise up.
Job 41:7	Can you fill his skin with barbed irons? or his head with fish spears?
1 Chronicles 24:13	The thirteenth to Huppah, the fourteenth to Jeshebeab,
Mark 6:5	And he could there do no mighty work, save that he laid his hands on a few sick folk, and healed them.
Ezekiel 23:7	Thus she committed her prostitutions with them, with all them that were the chosen men of Assyria, and with all on whom she doted: with all their idols she defiled herself.
1 John 5:12	He that has the Son has life; and he that has not the Son of God has not life.
Nehemiah 10:8	Maaziah, Bilgai, Shemaiah: these were the priests.
Job 10:9	Remember, I beseech you, that you have made me as the clay; and will you bring me into dust again?
Mark 9:50	Salt is good: but if the salt have lost his saltiness, with which will you season it? Have salt in yourselves, and have peace one with another.
1 Samuel 17:52	And the men of Israel and of Judah arose, and shouted, and pursued the Philistines, until you come to the valley, and to the gates of Ekron. And the wounded of the Philistines fell down by the way to Shaaraim, even to Gath, and to Ekron.
Genesis 39:22	And the keeper of the prison committed to Joseph’s hand all the prisoners that were in the prison; and whatever they did there, he was the doer of it.
Numbers 3:32	And Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest shall be chief over the chief of the Levites, and have the oversight of them that keep the charge of the sanctuary.
Psalm 73:16	When I thought to know this, it was too painful for me;
Revelation 16:6	For they have shed the blood of saints and prophets, and you have given them blood to drink; for they are worthy.
Daniel 5:13	Then was Daniel brought in before the king. And the king spoke and said to Daniel, Are you that Daniel, which are of the children of the captivity of Judah, whom the king my father brought out of Jewry?
Psalm 47:1	O clap your hands, all you people; shout to God with the voice of triumph.
Ezekiel 34:6	My sheep wandered through all the mountains, and on every high hill: yes, my flock was scattered on all the face of the earth, and none did search or seek after them.
Daniel 11:41	He shall enter also into the glorious land, and many countries shall be overthrown: but these shall escape out of his hand, even Edom, and Moab, and the chief of the children of Ammon.
Deuteronomy 24:1	When a man has taken a wife, and married her, and it come to pass that she find no favor in his eyes, because he has found some uncleanness in her: then let him write her a bill of divorce, and give it in her hand, and send her out of his house.
Genesis 1:17	And God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light on the earth,
Matthew 19:14	But Jesus said, Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come to me: for of such is the kingdom of heaven.
Jeremiah 48:18	You daughter that do inhabit Dibon, come down from your glory, and sit in thirst; for the spoiler of Moab shall come on you, and he shall destroy your strong holds.
1 Samuel 9:22	And Samuel took Saul and his servant, and brought them into the parlor, and made them sit in the most chief place among them that were bidden, which were about thirty persons.
Matthew 8:32	And he said to them, Go. And when they were come out, they went into the herd of swine: and, behold, the whole herd of swine ran violently down a steep place into the sea, and perished in the waters.
John 21:25	And there are also many other things which Jesus did, the which, if they should be written every one, I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books that should be written. Amen.
1 Samuel 26:6	Then answered David and said to Ahimelech the Hittite, and to Abishai the son of Zeruiah, brother to Joab, saying, Who will go down with me to Saul to the camp? And Abishai said, I will go down with you.
2 Chronicles 29:23	And they brought forth the he goats for the sin offering before the king and the congregation; and they laid their hands on them:
Exodus 8:16	And the LORD said to Moses, Say to Aaron, Stretch out your rod, and smite the dust of the land, that it may become lice throughout all the land of Egypt.
Psalm 89:14	Justice and judgment are the habitation of your throne: mercy and truth shall go before your face.
1 Kings 7:13	And king Solomon sent and fetched Hiram out of Tyre.
Acts 20:34	Yes, you yourselves know, that these hands have ministered to my necessities, and to them that were with me.
Deuteronomy 14:2	For you are an holy people to the LORD your God, and the LORD has chosen you to be a peculiar people to himself, above all the nations that are on the earth.
Exodus 31:4	To devise cunning works, to work in gold, and in silver, and in brass,
Titus 2:12	Teaching us that, denying ungodliness and worldly lusts, we should live soberly, righteously, and godly, in this present world;
Galatians 2:9	And when James, Cephas, and John, who seemed to be pillars, perceived the grace that was given to me, they gave to me and Barnabas the right hands of fellowship; that we should go to the heathen, and they to the circumcision.
Mark 12:42	And there came a certain poor widow, and she threw in two mites, which make a farthing.
Isaiah 28:12	To whom he said, This is the rest with which you may cause the weary to rest; and this is the refreshing: yet they would not hear.
Jeremiah 9:5	And they will deceive every one his neighbor, and will not speak the truth: they have taught their tongue to speak lies, and weary themselves to commit iniquity.
1 Samuel 18:28	And Saul saw and knew that the LORD was with David, and that Michal Saul’s daughter loved him.
Matthew 21:16	And said to him, Hear you what these say? And Jesus said to them, Yes; have you never read, Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings you have perfected praise?
Nehemiah 6:13	Therefore was he hired, that I should be afraid, and do so, and sin, and that they might have matter for an evil report, that they might reproach me.
2 Samuel 20:4	Then said the king to Amasa, Assemble me the men of Judah within three days, and be you here present.
Isaiah 33:14	The sinners in Zion are afraid; fearfulness has surprised the hypocrites. Who among us shall dwell with the devouring fire? who among us shall dwell with everlasting burnings?
1 Kings 10:5	And the meat of his table, and the sitting of his servants, and the attendance of his ministers, and their apparel, and his cupbearers, and his ascent by which he went up to the house of the LORD; there was no more spirit in her.
Luke 1:59	And it came to pass, that on the eighth day they came to circumcise the child; and they called him Zacharias, after the name of his father.
1 Timothy 6:20	O Timothy, keep that which is committed to your trust, avoiding profane and vain babblings, and oppositions of science falsely so called:
Joel 1:8	Lament like a virgin girded with sackcloth for the husband of her youth.
Luke 10:17	And the seventy returned again with joy, saying, Lord, even the devils are subject to us through your name.
Proverbs 11:1	A false balance is abomination to the LORD: but a just weight is his delight.
Jeremiah 32:21	And have brought forth your people Israel out of the land of Egypt with signs, and with wonders, and with a strong hand, and with a stretched out arm, and with great terror;
Jeremiah 6:2	I have likened the daughter of Zion to a comely and delicate woman.
Matthew 10:35	For I am come to set a man at variance against his father, and the daughter against her mother, and the daughter in law against her mother in law.
1 Peter 3:2	While they behold your chaste conversation coupled with fear.
2 Thessalonians 1:8	In flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God, and that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ:
Jeremiah 32:38	And they shall be my people, and I will be their God:
Joshua 9:12	This our bread we took hot for our provision out of our houses on the day we came forth to go to you; but now, behold, it is dry, and it is moldy:
Isaiah 65:7	Your iniquities, and the iniquities of your fathers together, said the LORD, which have burned incense on the mountains, and blasphemed me on the hills: therefore will I measure their former work into their bosom.
Proverbs 19:10	Delight is not seemly for a fool; much less for a servant to have rule over princes.
2 Kings 13:9	And Jehoahaz slept with his fathers; and they buried him in Samaria: and Joash his son reigned in his stead.
2 Chronicles 25:15	Why the anger of the LORD was kindled against Amaziah, and he sent to him a prophet, which said to him, Why have you sought after the gods of the people, which could not deliver their own people out of your hand?
Exodus 13:3	And Moses said to the people, Remember this day, in which you came out from Egypt, out of the house of bondage; for by strength of hand the LORD brought you out from this place: there shall no leavened bread be eaten.
Genesis 17:20	And as for Ishmael, I have heard you: Behold, I have blessed him, and will make him fruitful, and will multiply him exceedingly; twelve princes shall he beget, and I will make him a great nation.
Romans 9:22	What if God, willing to show his wrath, and to make his power known, endured with much long-suffering the vessels of wrath fitted to destruction:
Genesis 4:17	And Cain knew his wife; and she conceived, and bore Enoch: and he built a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his son, Enoch.
Isaiah 27:12	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the LORD shall beat off from the channel of the river to the stream of Egypt, and you shall be gathered one by one, O you children of Israel.
Psalm 115:8	They that make them are like to them; so is every one that trusts in them.
Psalm 68:12	Kings of armies did flee apace: and she that tarried at home divided the spoil.
2 Chronicles 30:6	So the posts went with the letters from the king and his princes throughout all Israel and Judah, and according to the commandment of the king, saying, You children of Israel, turn again to the LORD God of Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, and he will return to the remnant of you, that are escaped out of the hand of the kings of Assyria.
Exodus 19:19	And when the voice of the trumpet sounded long, and waxed louder and louder, Moses spoke, and God answered him by a voice.
Jeremiah 52:28	This is the people whom Nebuchadrezzar carried away captive: in the seventh year three thousand Jews and three and twenty:
Proverbs 11:19	As righteousness tends to life: so he that pursues evil pursues it to his own death.
Judges 11:38	And he said, Go. And he sent her away for two months: and she went with her companions, and bewailed her virginity on the mountains.
Luke 3:6	And all flesh shall see the salvation of God.
Acts 28:20	For this cause therefore have I called for you, to see you, and to speak with you: because that for the hope of Israel I am bound with this chain.
1 Timothy 1:8	But we know that the law is good, if a man use it lawfully;
Psalm 89:8	O LORD God of hosts, who is a strong LORD like to you? or to your faithfulness round about you?
2 Kings 18:27	But Rabshakeh said to them, Has my master sent me to your master, and to you, to speak these words? has he not sent me to the men which sit on the wall, that they may eat their own dung, and drink their own urine with you?
Deuteronomy 10:9	Why Levi has no part nor inheritance with his brothers; the LORD is his inheritance, according as the LORD your God promised him.
Psalm 78:38	But he, being full of compassion, forgave their iniquity, and destroyed them not: yes, many a time turned he his anger away, and did not stir up all his wrath.
Deuteronomy 16:2	You shall therefore sacrifice the passover to the LORD your God, of the flock and the herd, in the place which the LORD shall choose to place his name there.
Job 27:3	All the while my breath is in me, and the spirit of God is in my nostrils;
1 Chronicles 9:28	And certain of them had the charge of the ministering vessels, that they should bring them in and out by tale.
John 11:18	Now Bethany was near to Jerusalem, about fifteen furlongs off:
2 Chronicles 10:18	Then king Rehoboam sent Hadoram that was over the tribute; and the children of Israel stoned him with stones, that he died. But king Rehoboam made speed to get him up to his chariot, to flee to Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 5:23	And when David inquired of the LORD, he said, You shall not go up; but fetch a compass behind them, and come on them over against the mulberry trees.
2 Samuel 13:38	So Absalom fled, and went to Geshur, and was there three years.
Job 38:9	When I made the cloud the garment thereof, and thick darkness a swaddling cloth for it,
Hosea 6:4	O Ephraim, what shall I do to you? O Judah, what shall I do to you? for your goodness is as a morning cloud, and as the early dew it goes away.
2 Chronicles 3:15	Also he made before the house two pillars of thirty and five cubits high, and the capital that was on the top of each of them was five cubits.
Jude 1:14	And Enoch also, the seventh from Adam, prophesied of these, saying, Behold, the Lord comes with ten thousands of his saints,
Joshua 15:9	And the border was drawn from the top of the hill to the fountain of the water of Nephtoah, and went out to the cities of mount Ephron; and the border was drawn to Baalah, which is Kirjathjearim:
1 Samuel 3:9	Therefore Eli said to Samuel, Go, lie down: and it shall be, if he call you, that you shall say, Speak, LORD; for your servant hears. So Samuel went and lay down in his place.
Numbers 26:9	And the sons of Eliab; Nemuel, and Dathan, and Abiram. This is that Dathan and Abiram, which were famous in the congregation, who strove against Moses and against Aaron in the company of Korah, when they strove against the LORD:
Ephesians 2:12	That at that time you were without Christ, being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel, and strangers from the covenants of promise, having no hope, and without God in the world:
Ezekiel 39:19	And you shall eat fat till you be full, and drink blood till you be drunken, of my sacrifice which I have sacrificed for you.
2 Samuel 2:2	So David went up thither, and his two wives also, Ahinoam the Jezreelitess, and Abigail Nabal’s wife the Carmelite.
Deuteronomy 8:15	Who led you through that great and terrible wilderness, wherein were fiery serpents, and scorpions, and drought, where there was no water; who brought you forth water out of the rock of flint;
Ezekiel 25:6	For thus said the Lord GOD; Because you have clapped your hands, and stamped with the feet, and rejoiced in heart with all your despite against the land of Israel;
Isaiah 14:32	What shall one then answer the messengers of the nation? That the LORD has founded Zion, and the poor of his people shall trust in it.
Jeremiah 5:12	They have belied the LORD, and said, It is not he; neither shall evil come on us; neither shall we see sword nor famine:
Revelation 2:3	And have borne, and have patience, and for my name’s sake have labored, and have not fainted.
Proverbs 19:11	The discretion of a man defers his anger; and it is his glory to pass over a transgression.
Job 21:18	They are as stubble before the wind, and as chaff that the storm carries away.
Leviticus 11:4	Nevertheless these shall you not eat of them that chew the cud, or of them that divide the hoof: as the camel, because he chews the cud, but divides not the hoof; he is unclean to you.
Matthew 10:2	Now the names of the twelve apostles are these; The first, Simon, who is called Peter, and Andrew his brother; James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother;
2 Timothy 1:11	Whereunto I am appointed a preacher, and an apostle, and a teacher of the Gentiles.
Zechariah 11:4	Thus said the LORD my God; Feed the flock of the slaughter;
Isaiah 1:22	Your silver is become dross, your wine mixed with water:
Colossians 2:14	Blotting out the handwriting of ordinances that was against us, which was contrary to us, and took it out of the way, nailing it to his cross;
2 Samuel 12:18	And it came to pass on the seventh day, that the child died. And the servants of David feared to tell him that the child was dead: for they said, Behold, while the child was yet alive, we spoke to him, and he would not listen to our voice: how will he then vex himself, if we tell him that the child is dead?
Genesis 36:39	And Baalhanan the son of Achbor died, and Hadar reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Pau; and his wife’s name was Mehetabel, the daughter of Matred, the daughter of Mezahab.
1 Chronicles 28:2	Then David the king stood up on his feet, and said, Hear me, my brothers, and my people: As for me, I had in my heart to build an house of rest for the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and for the footstool of our God, and had made ready for the building:
Deuteronomy 32:19	And when the LORD saw it, he abhorred them, because of the provoking of his sons, and of his daughters.
Genesis 11:14	And Salah lived thirty years, and begat Eber:
2 Samuel 9:7	And David said to him, Fear not: for I will surely show you kindness for Jonathan your father’s sake, and will restore you all the land of Saul your father; and you shall eat bread at my table continually.
Matthew 18:10	Take heed that you despise not one of these little ones; for I say to you, That in heaven their angels do always behold the face of my Father which is in heaven.
2 Chronicles 32:24	In those days Hezekiah was sick to the death, and prayed to the LORD: and he spoke to him, and he gave him a sign.
James 2:21	Was not Abraham our father justified by works, when he had offered Isaac his son on the altar?
Genesis 34:16	Then will we give our daughters to you, and we will take your daughters to us, and we will dwell with you, and we will become one people.
Ephesians 5:26	That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word,
2 Corinthians 12:3	And I knew such a man, (whether in the body, or out of the body, I cannot tell: God knows;)
Galatians 5:4	Christ is become of no effect to you, whoever of you are justified by the law; you are fallen from grace.
Zephaniah 3:10	From beyond the rivers of Ethiopia my suppliants, even the daughter of my dispersed, shall bring my offering.
Ezekiel 16:31	In that you build your eminent place in the head of every way, and make your high place in every street; and have not been as an harlot, in that you scorn hire;
Jeremiah 26:18	Micah the Morasthite prophesied in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah, and spoke to all the people of Judah, saying, Thus said the LORD of hosts; Zion shall be plowed like a field, and Jerusalem shall become heaps, and the mountain of the house as the high places of a forest.
Matthew 25:36	Naked, and you clothed me: I was sick, and you visited me: I was in prison, and you came to me.
Mark 15:38	And the veil of the temple was rent in two from the top to the bottom.
Ezekiel 40:15	And from the face of the gate of the entrance to the face of the porch of the inner gate were fifty cubits.
Matthew 13:17	For truly I say to you, That many prophets and righteous men have desired to see those things which you see, and have not seen them; and to hear those things which you hear, and have not heard them.
Ezekiel 42:7	And the wall that was without over against the chambers, toward the utter court on the forepart of the chambers, the length thereof was fifty cubits.
2 Samuel 9:1	And David said, Is there yet any that is left of the house of Saul, that I may show him kindness for Jonathan’s sake?
Isaiah 39:8	Then said Hezekiah to Isaiah, Good is the word of the LORD which you have spoken. He said moreover, For there shall be peace and truth in my days.
Genesis 32:9	And Jacob said, O God of my father Abraham, and God of my father Isaac, the LORD which said to me, Return to your country, and to your kindred, and I will deal well with you:
Leviticus 15:23	And if it be on her bed, or on any thing where on she sits, when he touches it, he shall be unclean until the even.
Joshua 15:28	And Hazarshual, and Beersheba, and Bizjothjah,
Job 33:4	The spirit of God has made me, and the breath of the Almighty has given me life.
Job 40:3	Then Job answered the LORD, and said,
Exodus 39:23	And there was an hole in the middle of the robe, as the hole of an habergeon, with a band round about the hole, that it should not rend.
John 9:31	Now we know that God hears not sinners: but if any man be a worshipper of God, and does his will, him he hears.
Psalm 145:15	The eyes of all wait on you; and you give them their meat in due season.
Jeremiah 20:4	For thus said the LORD, Behold, I will make you a terror to yourself, and to all your friends: and they shall fall by the sword of their enemies, and your eyes shall behold it: and I will give all Judah into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall carry them captive into Babylon, and shall slay them with the sword.
Leviticus 18:19	Also you shall not approach to a woman to uncover her nakedness, as long as she is put apart for her uncleanness.
Isaiah 23:14	Howl, you ships of Tarshish: for your strength is laid waste.
Leviticus 25:31	But the houses of the villages which have no wall round about them shall be counted as the fields of the country: they may be redeemed, and they shall go out in the jubilee.
Proverbs 7:25	Let not your heart decline to her ways, go not astray in her paths.
1 Kings 20:43	And the king of Israel went to his house heavy and displeased, and came to Samaria.
Jeremiah 37:6	Then came the word of the LORD to the prophet Jeremiah saying,
Daniel 11:33	And they that understand among the people shall instruct many: yet they shall fall by the sword, and by flame, by captivity, and by spoil, many days.
Joshua 22:18	But that you must turn away this day from following the LORD? and it will be, seeing you rebel to day against the LORD, that to morrow he will be wroth with the whole congregation of Israel.
Jeremiah 17:18	Let them be confounded that persecute me, but let not me be confounded: let them be dismayed, but let not me be dismayed: bring on them the day of evil, and destroy them with double destruction.
Ezekiel 19:14	And fire is gone out of a rod of her branches, which has devoured her fruit, so that she has no strong rod to be a scepter to rule. This is a lamentation, and shall be for a lamentation.
Job 3:22	Which rejoice exceedingly, and are glad, when they can find the grave?
Psalm 18:20	The LORD rewarded me according to my righteousness; according to the cleanness of my hands has he recompensed me.
Joshua 21:2	And they spoke to them at Shiloh in the land of Canaan, saying, The LORD commanded by the hand of Moses to give us cities to dwell in, with the suburbs thereof for our cattle.
2 Timothy 2:24	And the servant of the Lord must not strive; but be gentle to all men, apt to teach, patient,
Daniel 11:21	And in his estate shall stand up a vile person, to whom they shall not give the honor of the kingdom: but he shall come in peaceably, and obtain the kingdom by flatteries.
Psalm 18:42	Then did I beat them small as the dust before the wind: I did cast them out as the dirt in the streets.
Proverbs 3:32	For the fraudulent is abomination to the LORD: but his secret is with the righteous.
2 Corinthians 9:9	(As it is written, He has dispersed abroad; he has given to the poor: his righteousness remains for ever.
Psalm 72:12	For he shall deliver the needy when he cries; the poor also, and him that has no helper.
2 Chronicles 6:20	That your eyes may be open on this house day and night, on the place whereof you have said that you would put your name there; to listen to the prayer which your servant prays toward this place.
Isaiah 47:3	Your nakedness shall be uncovered, yes, your shame shall be seen: I will take vengeance, and I will not meet you as a man.
1 Kings 5:13	And king Solomon raised a levy out of all Israel; and the levy was thirty thousand men.
1 Chronicles 8:18	Ishmerai also, and Jezliah, and Jobab, the sons of Elpaal;
Jeremiah 5:6	Why a lion out of the forest shall slay them, and a wolf of the evenings shall spoil them, a leopard shall watch over their cities: every one that goes out there shall be torn in pieces: because their transgressions are many, and their backslidings are increased.
Job 41:30	Sharp stones are under him: he spreads sharp pointed things on the mire.
1 Chronicles 2:5	The sons of Pharez; Hezron, and Hamul.
Proverbs 3:30	Strive not with a man without cause, if he have done you no harm.
Luke 5:11	And when they had brought their ships to land, they forsook all, and followed him.
2 Chronicles 34:14	And when they brought out the money that was brought into the house of the LORD, Hilkiah the priest found a book of the law of the LORD given by Moses.
Job 34:8	Which goes in company with the workers of iniquity, and walks with wicked men.
Isaiah 37:3	And they said to him, Thus said Hezekiah, This day is a day of trouble, and of rebuke, and of blasphemy: for the children are come to the birth, and there is not strength to bring forth.
2 Kings 15:28	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD: he departed not from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin.
Leviticus 5:10	And he shall offer the second for a burnt offering, according to the manner: and the priest shall make an atonement for him for his sin which he has sinned, and it shall be forgiven him.
Esther 1:5	And when these days were expired, the king made a feast to all the people that were present in Shushan the palace, both to great and small, seven days, in the court of the garden of the king’s palace;
Proverbs 15:18	A wrathful man stirs up strife: but he that is slow to anger appeases strife.
Ezekiel 30:23	And I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations, and will disperse them through the countries.
Jude 1:19	These be they who separate themselves, sensual, having not the Spirit.
Joshua 15:26	Amam, and Shema, and Moladah,
Mark 12:14	And when they were come, they say to him, Master, we know that you are true, and care for no man: for you regard not the person of men, but teach the way of God in truth: Is it lawful to give tribute to Caesar, or not?
John 6:51	I am the living bread which came down from heaven: if any man eat of this bread, he shall live for ever: and the bread that I will give is my flesh, which I will give for the life of the world.
Exodus 26:14	And you shall make a covering for the tent of rams’ skins dyed red, and a covering above of badgers’ skins.
Genesis 6:4	There were giants in the earth in those days; and also after that, when the sons of God came in to the daughters of men, and they bore children to them, the same became mighty men which were of old, men of renown.
Numbers 26:56	According to the lot shall the possession thereof be divided between many and few.
Matthew 1:12	And after they were brought to Babylon, Jechonias begat Salathiel; and Salathiel begat Zorobabel;
2 Corinthians 1:1	Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, and Timothy our brother, to the church of God which is at Corinth, with all the saints which are in all Achaia:
Psalm 21:2	You have given him his heart’s desire, and have not withheld the request of his lips. Selah.
Galatians 4:18	But it is good to be zealously affected always in a good thing, and not only when I am present with you.
Luke 1:79	To give light to them that sit in darkness and in the shadow of death, to guide our feet into the way of peace.
Colossians 1:3	We give thanks to God and the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, praying always for you,
1 Samuel 31:10	And they put his armor in the house of Ashtaroth: and they fastened his body to the wall of Bethshan.
Mark 2:6	But there was certain of the scribes sitting there, and reasoning in their hearts,
Psalm 107:16	For he has broken the gates of brass, and cut the bars of iron in sunder.
2 Kings 9:14	So Jehu the son of Jehoshaphat the son of Nimshi conspired against Joram. (Now Joram had kept Ramothgilead, he and all Israel, because of Hazael king of Syria.
Isaiah 7:24	With arrows and with bows shall men come thither; because all the land shall become briers and thorns.
Deuteronomy 29:1	These are the words of the covenant, which the LORD commanded Moses to make with the children of Israel in the land of Moab, beside the covenant which he made with them in Horeb.
Ephesians 3:5	Which in other ages was not made known to the sons of men, as it is now revealed to his holy apostles and prophets by the Spirit;
1 Kings 12:8	But he forsook the counsel of the old men, which they had given him, and consulted with the young men that were grown up with him, and which stood before him:
Psalm 19:2	Day to day utters speech, and night to night shows knowledge.
Isaiah 10:15	Shall the ax boast itself against him that hews therewith? or shall the saw magnify itself against him that shakes it? as if the rod should shake itself against them that lift it up, or as if the staff should lift up itself, as if it were no wood.
Ezekiel 29:15	It shall be the basest of the kingdoms; neither shall it exalt itself any more above the nations: for I will diminish them, that they shall no more rule over the nations.
Mark 9:17	And one of the multitude answered and said, Master, I have brought to you my son, which has a dumb spirit;
Isaiah 46:10	Declaring the end from the beginning, and from ancient times the things that are not yet done, saying, My counsel shall stand, and I will do all my pleasure:
Numbers 3:36	And under the custody and charge of the sons of Merari shall be the boards of the tabernacle, and the bars thereof, and the pillars thereof, and the sockets thereof, and all the vessels thereof, and all that serves thereto,
James 4:13	Go to now, you that say, To day or to morrow we will go into such a city, and continue there a year, and buy and sell, and get gain:
Mark 13:12	Now the brother shall betray the brother to death, and the father the son; and children shall rise up against their parents, and shall cause them to be put to death.
Jonah 1:1	Now the word of the LORD came to Jonah the son of Amittai, saying,
Mark 1:33	And all the city was gathered together at the door.
Matthew 26:29	But I say to you, I will not drink from now on of this fruit of the vine, until that day when I drink it new with you in my Father’s kingdom.
1 Samuel 9:26	And they arose early: and it came to pass about the spring of the day, that Samuel called Saul to the top of the house, saying, Up, that I may send you away. And Saul arose, and they went out both of them, he and Samuel, abroad.
Psalm 146:10	The LORD shall reign for ever, even your God, O Zion, to all generations. Praise you the LORD.
Ecclesiastes 11:10	Therefore remove sorrow from your heart, and put away evil from your flesh: for childhood and youth are vanity.
Deuteronomy 9:29	Yet they are your people and your inheritance, which you brought out by your mighty power and by your stretched out arm.
Numbers 7:40	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
Acts 20:21	Testifying both to the Jews, and also to the Greeks, repentance toward God, and faith toward our Lord Jesus Christ.
2 Corinthians 7:7	And not by his coming only, but by the consolation with which he was comforted in you, when he told us your earnest desire, your mourning, your fervent mind toward me; so that I rejoiced the more.
Romans 3:11	There is none that understands, there is none that seeks after God.
Esther 5:2	And it was so, when the king saw Esther the queen standing in the court, that she obtained favor in his sight: and the king held out to Esther the golden scepter that was in his hand. So Esther drew near, and touched the top of the scepter.
Ezekiel 21:16	Go you one way or other, either on the right hand, or on the left, wherever your face is set.
1 Samuel 2:11	And Elkanah went to Ramah to his house. And the child did minister to the LORD before Eli the priest.
Ezekiel 32:24	There is Elam and all her multitude round about her grave, all of them slain, fallen by the sword, which are gone down uncircumcised into the nether parts of the earth, which caused their terror in the land of the living; yet have they borne their shame with them that go down to the pit.
Ezekiel 33:26	You stand on your sword, you work abomination, and you defile every one his neighbor’s wife: and shall you possess the land?
Isaiah 43:8	Bring forth the blind people that have eyes, and the deaf that have ears.
1 Kings 22:52	And he did evil in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the way of his father, and in the way of his mother, and in the way of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin:
1 Kings 8:37	If there be in the land famine, if there be pestilence, blasting, mildew, locust, or if there be caterpillar; if their enemy besiege them in the land of their cities; whatever plague, whatever sickness there be;
Ezekiel 24:15	Also the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Psalm 142:7	Bring my soul out of prison, that I may praise your name: the righteous shall compass me about; for you shall deal bountifully with me.
Numbers 1:30	Of the children of Zebulun, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Ruth 2:21	And Ruth the Moabitess said, He said to me also, You shall keep fast by my young men, until they have ended all my harvest.
Job 13:28	And he, as a rotten thing, consumes, as a garment that is moth eaten.
Hosea 12:2	The LORD has also a controversy with Judah, and will punish Jacob according to his ways; according to his doings will he recompense him.
Judges 1:4	And Judah went up; and the LORD delivered the Canaanites and the Perizzites into their hand: and they slew of them in Bezek ten thousand men.
Luke 2:21	And when eight days were accomplished for the circumcising of the child, his name was called JESUS, which was so named of the angel before he was conceived in the womb.
1 Chronicles 26:16	To Shuppim and Hosah the lot came forth westward, with the gate Shallecheth, by the causeway of the going up, ward against ward.
Genesis 2:9	And out of the ground made the LORD God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the middle of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.
1 Timothy 4:9	This is a faithful saying and worthy of all acceptation.
Psalm 105:31	He spoke, and there came divers sorts of flies, and lice in all their coasts.
Leviticus 27:21	But the field, when it goes out in the jubilee, shall be holy to the LORD, as a field devoted; the possession thereof shall be the priest’s.
Luke 2:41	Now his parents went to Jerusalem every year at the feast of the passover.
Job 28:27	Then did he see it, and declare it; he prepared it, yes, and searched it out.
Daniel 7:12	As concerning the rest of the beasts, they had their dominion taken away: yet their lives were prolonged for a season and time.
Song of Solomon 5:7	The watchmen that went about the city found me, they smote me, they wounded me; the keepers of the walls took away my veil from me.
Numbers 24:22	Nevertheless the Kenite shall be wasted, until Asshur shall carry you away captive.
Matthew 7:24	Therefore whoever hears these sayings of mine, and does them, I will liken him to a wise man, which built his house on a rock:
1 Samuel 13:22	So it came to pass in the day of battle, that there was neither sword nor spear found in the hand of any of the people that were with Saul and Jonathan: but with Saul and with Jonathan his son was there found.
Ezekiel 8:8	Then said he to me, Son of man, dig now in the wall: and when I had dig in the wall, behold a door.
Jeremiah 21:10	For I have set my face against this city for evil, and not for good, said the LORD: it shall be given into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall burn it with fire.
Isaiah 45:4	For Jacob my servant’s sake, and Israel my elect, I have even called you by your name: I have surnamed you, though you have not known me.
Nehemiah 13:11	Then contended I with the rulers, and said, Why is the house of God forsaken? And I gathered them together, and set them in their place.
Hosea 10:11	And Ephraim is as an heifer that is taught, and loves to tread out the corn; but I passed over on her fair neck: I will make Ephraim to ride; Judah shall plow, and Jacob shall break his clods.
Exodus 10:27	But the LORD hardened Pharaoh’s heart, and he would not let them go.
Job 34:36	My desire is that Job may be tried to the end because of his answers for wicked men.
Leviticus 13:35	But if the scale spread much in the skin after his cleansing;
Ezra 8:30	So took the priests and the Levites the weight of the silver, and the gold, and the vessels, to bring them to Jerusalem to the house of our God.
Genesis 7:1	And the LORD said to Noah, Come you and all your house into the ark; for you have I seen righteous before me in this generation.
2 Peter 3:2	That you may be mindful of the words which were spoken before by the holy prophets, and of the commandment of us the apostles of the Lord and Savior:
Psalm 92:14	They shall still bring forth fruit in old age; they shall be fat and flourishing;
1 Samuel 6:17	And these are the golden tumors which the Philistines returned for a trespass offering to the LORD; for Ashdod one, for Gaza one, for Askelon one, for Gath one, for Ekron one;
Psalm 55:12	For it was not an enemy that reproached me; then I could have borne it: neither was it he that hated me that did magnify himself against me; then I would have hid myself from him:
Romans 15:3	For even Christ pleased not himself; but, as it is written, The reproaches of them that reproached you fell on me.
Exodus 29:25	And you shall receive them of their hands, and burn them on the altar for a burnt offering, for a sweet smell before the LORD: it is an offering made by fire to the LORD.
Jeremiah 35:12	Then came the word of the LORD to Jeremiah, saying,
Matthew 26:15	And said to them, What will you give me, and I will deliver him to you? And they covenanted with him for thirty pieces of silver.
Psalm 78:47	He destroyed their vines with hail, and their sycomore trees with frost.
Numbers 21:29	Woe to you, Moab! you are undone, O people of Chemosh: he has given his sons that escaped, and his daughters, into captivity to Sihon king of the Amorites.
Exodus 2:21	And Moses was content to dwell with the man: and he gave Moses Zipporah his daughter.
Numbers 9:10	Speak to the children of Israel, saying, If any man of you or of your posterity shall be unclean by reason of a dead body, or be in a journey afar off, yet he shall keep the passover to the LORD.
John 7:19	Did not Moses give you the law, and yet none of you keeps the law? Why go you about to kill me?
Exodus 26:4	And you shall make loops of blue on the edge of the one curtain from the selvedge in the coupling; and likewise shall you make in the uttermost edge of another curtain, in the coupling of the second.
Numbers 13:23	And they came to the brook of Eshcol, and cut down from there a branch with one cluster of grapes, and they bore it between two on a staff; and they brought of the pomegranates, and of the figs.
Mark 1:25	And Jesus rebuked him, saying, Hold your peace, and come out of him.
Genesis 6:3	And the LORD said, My spirit shall not always strive with man, for that he also is flesh: yet his days shall be an hundred and twenty years.
Judges 1:27	Neither did Manasseh drive out the inhabitants of Bethshean and her towns, nor Taanach and her towns, nor the inhabitants of Dor and her towns, nor the inhabitants of Ibleam and her towns, nor the inhabitants of Megiddo and her towns: but the Canaanites would dwell in that land.
Hosea 10:14	Therefore shall a tumult arise among your people, and all your fortresses shall be spoiled, as Shalman spoiled Betharbel in the day of battle: the mother was dashed in pieces on her children.
Mark 3:34	And he looked round about on them which sat about him, and said, Behold my mother and my brothers!
Mark 15:6	Now at that feast he released to them one prisoner, whomsoever they desired.
Psalm 116:3	The sorrows of death compassed me, and the pains of hell got hold on me: I found trouble and sorrow.
John 2:12	After this he went down to Capernaum, he, and his mother, and his brothers, and his disciples: and they continued there not many days.
Numbers 31:47	Even of the children of Israel’s half, Moses took one portion of fifty, both of man and of beast, and gave them to the Levites, which kept the charge of the tabernacle of the LORD; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Luke 19:22	And he said to him, Out of your own mouth will I judge you, you wicked servant. You knew that I was an austere man, taking up that I laid not down, and reaping that I did not sow:
Micah 2:6	Prophesy you not, say they to them that prophesy: they shall not prophesy to them, that they shall not take shame.
Exodus 36:12	Fifty loops made he in one curtain, and fifty loops made he in the edge of the curtain which was in the coupling of the second: the loops held one curtain to another.
Ezra 7:14	For as much as you are sent of the king, and of his seven counsellors, to inquire concerning Judah and Jerusalem, according to the law of your God which is in your hand;
Jeremiah 25:15	For thus said the LORD God of Israel to me; Take the wine cup of this fury at my hand, and cause all the nations, to whom I send you, to drink it.
1 Kings 8:41	Moreover concerning a stranger, that is not of your people Israel, but comes out of a far country for your name’s sake;
Ezekiel 16:45	You are your mother’s daughter, that loathes her husband and her children; and you are the sister of your sisters, which loathed their husbands and their children: your mother was an Hittite, and your father an Amorite.
1 Corinthians 14:25	And thus are the secrets of his heart made manifest; and so falling down on his face he will worship God, and report that God is in you of a truth.
Isaiah 63:1	Who is this that comes from Edom, with dyed garments from Bozrah? this that is glorious in his apparel, traveling in the greatness of his strength? I that speak in righteousness, mighty to save.
Deuteronomy 29:9	Keep therefore the words of this covenant, and do them, that you may prosper in all that you do.
1 Kings 22:38	And one washed the chariot in the pool of Samaria; and the dogs licked up his blood; and they washed his armor; according to the word of the LORD which he spoke.
Isaiah 30:32	And in every place where the grounded staff shall pass, which the LORD shall lay on him, it shall be with tabrets and harps: and in battles of shaking will he fight with it.
Numbers 27:13	And when you have seen it, you also shall be gathered to your people, as Aaron your brother was gathered.
Matthew 8:34	And, behold, the whole city came out to meet Jesus: and when they saw him, they sought him that he would depart out of their coasts.
1 Samuel 2:12	Now the sons of Eli were sons of Belial; they knew not the LORD.
Psalm 35:9	And my soul shall be joyful in the LORD: it shall rejoice in his salvation.
1 Kings 22:8	And the king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, There is yet one man, Micaiah the son of Imlah, by whom we may inquire of the LORD: but I hate him; for he does not prophesy good concerning me, but evil. And Jehoshaphat said, Let not the king say so.
Deuteronomy 6:17	You shall diligently keep the commandments of the LORD your God, and his testimonies, and his statutes, which he has commanded you.
Leviticus 13:8	And if the priest see that, behold, the scab spreads in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is a leprosy.
Acts 11:9	But the voice answered me again from heaven, What God has cleansed, that call not you common.
Acts 19:30	And when Paul would have entered in to the people, the disciples suffered him not.
Numbers 30:1	And Moses spoke to the heads of the tribes concerning the children of Israel, saying, This is the thing which the LORD has commanded.
Matthew 21:3	And if any man say ought to you, you shall say, The Lord has need of them; and straightway he will send them.
Ezekiel 1:14	And the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning.
Ruth 1:8	And Naomi said to her two daughters in law, Go, return each to her mother’s house: the LORD deal kindly with you, as you have dealt with the dead, and with me.
Psalm 136:6	To him that stretched out the earth above the waters: for his mercy endures for ever.
Psalm 86:11	Teach me your way, O LORD; I will walk in your truth: unite my heart to fear your name.
2 Corinthians 11:15	Therefore it is no great thing if his ministers also be transformed as the ministers of righteousness; whose end shall be according to their works.
2 Corinthians 1:6	And whether we be afflicted, it is for your consolation and salvation, which is effectual in the enduring of the same sufferings which we also suffer: or whether we be comforted, it is for your consolation and salvation.
Hebrews 12:2	Looking to Jesus the author and finisher of our faith; who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand of the throne of God.
Jeremiah 40:16	But Gedaliah the son of Ahikam said to Johanan the son of Kareah, You shall not do this thing: for you speak falsely of Ishmael.
2 Chronicles 33:22	But he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, as did Manasseh his father: for Amon sacrificed to all the carved images which Manasseh his father had made, and served them;
Nehemiah 7:72	And that which the rest of the people gave was twenty thousand drams of gold, and two thousand pound of silver, and three score and seven priests’ garments.
Psalm 140:1	Deliver me, O LORD, from the evil man: preserve me from the violent man;
2 Chronicles 2:1	And Solomon determined to build an house for the name of the LORD, and an house for his kingdom.
Matthew 27:44	The thieves also, which were crucified with him, cast the same in his teeth.
Psalm 119:101	I have refrained my feet from every evil way, that I might keep your word.
1 Kings 6:30	And the floors of the house he overlaid with gold, within and without.
2 Chronicles 10:15	So the king listened not to the people: for the cause was of God, that the LORD might perform his word, which he spoke by the hand of Ahijah the Shilonite to Jeroboam the son of Nebat.
Isaiah 1:23	Your princes are rebellious, and companions of thieves: every one loves gifts, and follows after rewards: they judge not the fatherless, neither does the cause of the widow come to them.
Acts 16:7	After they were come to Mysia, they assayed to go into Bithynia: but the Spirit suffered them not.
Numbers 16:14	Moreover you have not brought us into a land that flows with milk and honey, or given us inheritance of fields and vineyards: will you put out the eyes of these men? we will not come up.
Matthew 6:7	But when you pray, use not vain repetitions, as the heathen do: for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking.
1 Timothy 4:7	But refuse profane and old wives’ fables, and exercise yourself rather to godliness.
Matthew 21:33	Hear another parable: There was a certain householder, which planted a vineyard, and hedged it round about, and dig a wine press in it, and built a tower, and let it out to farmers, and went into a far country:
Exodus 6:22	And the sons of Uzziel; Mishael, and Elzaphan, and Zithri.
1 Thessalonians 4:1	Furthermore then we beseech you, brothers, and exhort you by the Lord Jesus, that as you have received of us how you ought to walk and to please God, so you would abound more and more.
1 Chronicles 29:8	And they with whom precious stones were found gave them to the treasure of the house of the LORD, by the hand of Jehiel the Gershonite.
Mark 7:36	And he charged them that they should tell no man: but the more he charged them, so much the more a great deal they published it;
1 Chronicles 11:3	Therefore came all the elders of Israel to the king to Hebron; and David made a covenant with them in Hebron before the LORD; and they anointed David king over Israel, according to the word of the LORD by Samuel.
John 9:36	He answered and said, Who is he, Lord, that I might believe on him?
Exodus 40:23	And he set the bread in order on it before the LORD; as the LORD had commanded Moses.
Psalm 60:11	Give us help from trouble: for vain is the help of man.
Jeremiah 10:9	Silver spread into plates is brought from Tarshish, and gold from Uphaz, the work of the workman, and of the hands of the founder: blue and purple is their clothing: they are all the work of cunning men.
Judges 8:27	And Gideon made an ephod thereof, and put it in his city, even in Ophrah: and all Israel went thither a whoring after it: which thing became a snare to Gideon, and to his house.
Ezekiel 29:8	Therefore thus said the Lord GOD; Behold, I will bring a sword on you, and cut off man and beast out of you.
Numbers 7:26	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:
Ezekiel 14:10	And they shall bear the punishment of their iniquity: the punishment of the prophet shall be even as the punishment of him that seeks to him;
Numbers 16:37	Speak to Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest, that he take up the censers out of the burning, and scatter you the fire yonder; for they are hallowed.
Ecclesiastes 9:18	Wisdom is better than weapons of war: but one sinner destroys much good.
Hosea 12:4	Yes, he had power over the angel, and prevailed: he wept, and made supplication to him: he found him in Bethel, and there he spoke with us;
Acts 16:30	And brought them out, and said, Sirs, what must I do to be saved?
Deuteronomy 4:48	From Aroer, which is by the bank of the river Arnon, even to mount Sion, which is Hermon,
Deuteronomy 23:7	You shall not abhor an Edomite; for he is your brother: you shall not abhor an Egyptian; because you were a stranger in his land.
Deuteronomy 24:7	If a man be found stealing any of his brothers of the children of Israel, and makes merchandise of him, or sells him; then that thief shall die; and you shall put evil away from among you.
Romans 10:16	But they have not all obeyed the gospel. For Esaias said, Lord, who has believed our report?
Leviticus 5:19	It is a trespass offering: he has certainly trespassed against the LORD.
Matthew 27:1	When the morning was come, all the chief priests and elders of the people took counsel against Jesus to put him to death:
Romans 9:15	For he said to Moses, I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy, and I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion.
Zechariah 13:3	And it shall come to pass, that when any shall yet prophesy, then his father and his mother that begat him shall say to him, You shall not live; for you speak lies in the name of the LORD: and his father and his mother that begat him shall thrust him through when he prophesies.
Matthew 12:3	But he said to them, Have you not read what David did, when he was an hungered, and they that were with him;
2 Chronicles 21:8	In his days the Edomites revolted from under the dominion of Judah, and made themselves a king.
Deuteronomy 27:14	And the Levites shall speak, and say to all the men of Israel with a loud voice,
1 Samuel 14:2	And Saul tarried in the uttermost part of Gibeah under a pomegranate tree which is in Migron: and the people that were with him were about six hundred men;
Genesis 19:31	And the firstborn said to the younger, Our father is old, and there is not a man in the earth to come in to us after the manner of all the earth:
Galatians 1:6	I marvel that you are so soon removed from him that called you into the grace of Christ to another gospel:
Genesis 42:36	And Jacob their father said to them, Me have you bereaved of my children: Joseph is not, and Simeon is not, and you will take Benjamin away: all these things are against me.
Nehemiah 12:39	And from above the gate of Ephraim, and above the old gate, and above the fish gate, and the tower of Hananeel, and the tower of Meah, even to the sheep gate: and they stood still in the prison gate.
Deuteronomy 28:25	The LORD shall cause you to be smitten before your enemies: you shall go out one way against them, and flee seven ways before them: and shall be removed into all the kingdoms of the earth.
Deuteronomy 1:28	Where shall we go up? our brothers have discouraged our heart, saying, The people is greater and taller than we; the cities are great and walled up to heaven; and moreover we have seen the sons of the Anakims there.
Psalm 89:2	For I have said, Mercy shall be built up for ever: your faithfulness shall you establish in the very heavens.
Ezekiel 26:17	And they shall take up a lamentation for you, and say to you, How are you destroyed, that were inhabited of seafaring men, the renowned city, which were strong in the sea, she and her inhabitants, which cause their terror to be on all that haunt it!
Proverbs 19:29	Judgments are prepared for scorners, and stripes for the back of fools.
Isaiah 65:10	And Sharon shall be a fold of flocks, and the valley of Achor a place for the herds to lie down in, for my people that have sought me.
Joshua 10:27	And it came to pass at the time of the going down of the sun, that Joshua commanded, and they took them down off the trees, and cast them into the cave wherein they had been hid, and laid great stones in the cave’s mouth, which remain until this very day.
1 Chronicles 8:15	And Zebadiah, and Arad, and Ader,
Job 9:33	Neither is there any judge between us, that might lay his hand on us both.
Romans 10:14	How then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed? and how shall they believe in him of whom they have not heard? and how shall they hear without a preacher?
2 Corinthians 1:3	Blessed be God, even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of mercies, and the God of all comfort;
Psalm 59:16	But I will sing of your power; yes, I will sing aloud of your mercy in the morning: for you have been my defense and refuge in the day of my trouble.
Exodus 39:26	A bell and a pomegranate, a bell and a pomegranate, round about the hem of the robe to minister in; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Job 23:4	I would order my cause before him, and fill my mouth with arguments.
Genesis 24:15	And it came to pass, before he had done speaking, that, behold, Rebekah came out, who was born to Bethuel, son of Milcah, the wife of Nahor, Abraham’s brother, with her pitcher on her shoulder.
Micah 4:7	And I will make her that halted a remnant, and her that was cast far off a strong nation: and the LORD shall reign over them in mount Zion from now on, even for ever.
Judges 20:46	So that all which fell that day of Benjamin were twenty and five thousand men that drew the sword; all these were men of valor.
Numbers 6:18	And the Nazarite shall shave the head of his separation at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and shall take the hair of the head of his separation, and put it in the fire which is under the sacrifice of the peace offerings.
Judges 8:8	And he went up there to Penuel, and spoke to them likewise: and the men of Penuel answered him as the men of Succoth had answered him.
Isaiah 2:6	Therefore you have forsaken your people the house of Jacob, because they be replenished from the east, and are soothsayers like the Philistines, and they please themselves in the children of strangers.
Job 37:21	And now men see not the bright light which is in the clouds: but the wind passes, and cleans them.
2 Chronicles 21:15	And you shall have great sickness by disease of your bowels, until your bowels fall out by reason of the sickness day by day.
Deuteronomy 14:7	Nevertheless these you shall not eat of them that chew the cud, or of them that divide the cloven hoof; as the camel, and the hare, and the coney: for they chew the cud, but divide not the hoof; therefore they are unclean to you.
Revelation 13:2	And the beast which I saw was like to a leopard, and his feet were as the feet of a bear, and his mouth as the mouth of a lion: and the dragon gave him his power, and his seat, and great authority.
2 Samuel 3:32	And they buried Abner in Hebron: and the king lifted up his voice, and wept at the grave of Abner; and all the people wept.
Psalm 119:61	The bands of the wicked have robbed me: but I have not forgotten your law.
Numbers 9:23	At the commandment of the LORD they rested in the tents, and at the commandment of the LORD they journeyed: they kept the charge of the LORD, at the commandment of the LORD by the hand of Moses.
1 Chronicles 20:8	These were born to the giant in Gath; and they fell by the hand of David, and by the hand of his servants.
Proverbs 21:22	A wise man scales the city of the mighty, and casts down the strength of the confidence thereof.
Numbers 15:16	One law and one manner shall be for you, and for the stranger that sojournes with you.
Matthew 25:46	And these shall go away into everlasting punishment: but the righteous into life eternal.
Acts 13:13	Now when Paul and his company loosed from Paphos, they came to Perga in Pamphylia: and John departing from them returned to Jerusalem.
Genesis 31:29	It is in the power of my hand to do you hurt: but the God of your father spoke to me last night, saying, Take you heed that you speak not to Jacob either good or bad.
Numbers 22:7	And the elders of Moab and the elders of Midian departed with the rewards of divination in their hand; and they came to Balaam, and spoke to him the words of Balak.
John 4:8	(For his disciples were gone away to the city to buy meat.)
Acts 3:16	And his name through faith in his name has made this man strong, whom you see and know: yes, the faith which is by him has given him this perfect soundness in the presence of you all.
1 Timothy 2:6	Who gave himself a ransom for all, to be testified in due time.
Joshua 22:12	And when the children of Israel heard of it, the whole congregation of the children of Israel gathered themselves together at Shiloh, to go up to war against them.
Ezekiel 12:21	And the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Ecclesiastes 10:1	Dead flies cause the ointment of the apothecary to send forth a stinking smell: so does a little folly him that is in reputation for wisdom and honor.
Ezekiel 48:15	And the five thousand, that are left in the breadth over against the five and twenty thousand, shall be a profane place for the city, for dwelling, and for suburbs: and the city shall be in the middle thereof.
Genesis 37:21	And Reuben heard it, and he delivered him out of their hands; and said, Let us not kill him.
1 Kings 15:14	But the high places were not removed: nevertheless Asa’s heart was perfect with the LORD all his days.
Jeremiah 33:1	Moreover the word of the LORD came to Jeremiah the second time, while he was yet shut up in the court of the prison, saying,
Isaiah 8:6	For as much as this people refuses the waters of Shiloah that go softly, and rejoice in Rezin and Remaliah’s son;
Mark 14:37	And he comes, and finds them sleeping, and said to Peter, Simon, sleep you? could not you watch one hour?
Amos 9:4	And though they go into captivity before their enemies, there will I command the sword, and it shall slay them: and I will set my eyes on them for evil, and not for good.
Isaiah 57:15	For thus said the high and lofty One that inhabits eternity, whose name is Holy; I dwell in the high and holy place, with him also that is of a contrite and humble spirit, to revive the spirit of the humble, and to revive the heart of the contrite ones.
Genesis 50:2	And Joseph commanded his servants the physicians to embalm his father: and the physicians embalmed Israel.
Acts 12:8	And the angel said to him, Gird yourself, and bind on your sandals. And so he did. And he said to him, Cast your garment about you, and follow me.
Habakkuk 2:17	For the violence of Lebanon shall cover you, and the spoil of beasts, which made them afraid, because of men’s blood, and for the violence of the land, of the city, and of all that dwell therein.
Genesis 45:12	And, behold, your eyes see, and the eyes of my brother Benjamin, that it is my mouth that speaks to you.
2 Samuel 1:2	It came even to pass on the third day, that, behold, a man came out of the camp from Saul with his clothes rent, and earth on his head: and so it was, when he came to David, that he fell to the earth, and did obeisance.
Nehemiah 13:9	Then I commanded, and they cleansed the chambers: and thither brought I again the vessels of the house of God, with the meat offering and the frankincense.
Isaiah 43:2	When you pass through the waters, I will be with you; and through the rivers, they shall not overflow you: when you walk through the fire, you shall not be burned; neither shall the flame kindle on you.
Genesis 2:12	And the gold of that land is good: there is bdellium and the onyx stone.
Romans 15:10	And again he said, Rejoice, you Gentiles, with his people.
John 17:19	And for their sakes I sanctify myself, that they also might be sanctified through the truth.
Zechariah 9:6	And a bastard shall dwell in Ashdod, and I will cut off the pride of the Philistines.
Numbers 15:32	And while the children of Israel were in the wilderness, they found a man that gathered sticks on the sabbath day.
Acts 10:12	Wherein were all manner of four footed beasts of the earth, and wild beasts, and creeping things, and fowls of the air.
Judges 11:9	And Jephthah said to the elders of Gilead, If you bring me home again to fight against the children of Ammon, and the LORD deliver them before me, shall I be your head?
1 Corinthians 12:4	Now there are diversities of gifts, but the same Spirit.
1 Kings 1:40	And all the people came up after him, and the people piped with pipes, and rejoiced with great joy, so that the earth rent with the sound of them.
Genesis 2:14	And the name of the third river is Hiddekel: that is it which goes toward the east of Assyria. And the fourth river is Euphrates.
Psalm 106:33	Because they provoked his spirit, so that he spoke unadvisedly with his lips.
Jeremiah 22:15	Shall you reign, because you close yourself in cedar? did not your father eat and drink, and do judgment and justice, and then it was well with him?
1 Kings 19:11	And he said, Go forth, and stand on the mount before the LORD. And, behold, the LORD passed by, and a great and strong wind rent the mountains, and broke in pieces the rocks before the LORD; but the LORD was not in the wind: and after the wind an earthquake; but the LORD was not in the earthquake:
Leviticus 13:45	And the leper in whom the plague is, his clothes shall be rent, and his head bore, and he shall put a covering on his upper lip, and shall cry, Unclean, unclean.
1 Chronicles 1:42	The sons of Ezer; Bilhan, and Zavan, and Jakan. The sons of Dishan; Uz, and Aran.
Deuteronomy 4:20	But the LORD has taken you, and brought you forth out of the iron furnace, even out of Egypt, to be to him a people of inheritance, as you are this day.
Job 18:16	His roots shall be dried up beneath, and above shall his branch be cut off.
3 John 1:11	Beloved, follow not that which is evil, but that which is good. He that does good is of God: but he that does evil has not seen God.
Ezra 5:10	We asked their names also, to certify you, that we might write the names of the men that were the chief of them.
1 Samuel 14:45	And the people said to Saul, Shall Jonathan die, who has worked this great salvation in Israel? God forbid: as the LORD lives, there shall not one hair of his head fall to the ground; for he has worked with God this day. So the people rescued Jonathan, that he died not.
Judges 5:22	Then were the horse hoofs broken by the means of the prancings, the prancings of their mighty ones.
Job 40:18	His bones are as strong pieces of brass; his bones are like bars of iron.
Genesis 24:59	And they sent away Rebekah their sister, and her nurse, and Abraham’s servant, and his men.
Genesis 3:5	For God does know that in the day you eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened, and you shall be as gods, knowing good and evil.
2 Chronicles 30:5	So they established a decree to make proclamation throughout all Israel, from Beersheba even to Dan, that they should come to keep the passover to the LORD God of Israel at Jerusalem: for they had not done it of a long time in such sort as it was written.
Luke 23:44	And it was about the sixth hour, and there was a darkness over all the earth until the ninth hour.
Genesis 35:27	And Jacob came to Isaac his father to Mamre, to the city of Arbah, which is Hebron, where Abraham and Isaac sojourned.
1 Chronicles 7:24	(And his daughter was Sherah, who built Bethhoron the nether, and the upper, and Uzzensherah.)
Mark 10:12	And if a woman shall put away her husband, and be married to another, she commits adultery.
Ezra 1:11	All the vessels of gold and of silver were five thousand and four hundred. All these did Sheshbazzar bring up with them of the captivity that were brought up from Babylon to Jerusalem.
John 4:3	He left Judaea, and departed again into Galilee.
Amos 9:15	And I will plant them on their land, and they shall no more be pulled up out of their land which I have given them, said the LORD your God.
Genesis 21:21	And he dwelled in the wilderness of Paran: and his mother took him a wife out of the land of Egypt.
Deuteronomy 12:4	You shall not do so to the LORD your God.
Daniel 8:3	Then I lifted up my eyes, and saw, and, behold, there stood before the river a ram which had two horns: and the two horns were high; but one was higher than the other, and the higher came up last.
1 Corinthians 10:30	For if I by grace be a partaker, why am I evil spoken of for that for which I give thanks?
Ecclesiastes 9:14	There was a little city, and few men within it; and there came a great king against it, and besieged it, and built great bulwarks against it:
Psalm 71:17	O God, you have taught me from my youth: and till now have I declared your wondrous works.
Luke 13:23	Then said one to him, Lord, are there few that be saved? And he said to them,
Mark 10:16	And he took them up in his arms, put his hands on them, and blessed them.
Acts 8:3	As for Saul, he made havoc of the church, entering into every house, and haling men and women committed them to prison.
Jeremiah 1:16	And I will utter my judgments against them touching all their wickedness, who have forsaken me, and have burned incense to other gods, and worshipped the works of their own hands.
Isaiah 14:19	But you are cast out of your grave like an abominable branch, and as the raiment of those that are slain, thrust through with a sword, that go down to the stones of the pit; as a carcass trodden under feet.
Psalm 109:4	For my love they are my adversaries: but I give myself to prayer.
Luke 21:20	And when you shall see Jerusalem compassed with armies, then know that the desolation thereof is near.
Psalm 57:3	He shall send from heaven, and save me from the reproach of him that would swallow me up. Selah. God shall send forth his mercy and his truth.
Deuteronomy 20:13	And when the LORD your God has delivered it into your hands, you shall smite every male thereof with the edge of the sword:
Colossians 1:27	To whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles; which is Christ in you, the hope of glory:
Luke 3:10	And the people asked him, saying, What shall we do then?
Exodus 14:7	And he took six hundred chosen chariots, and all the chariots of Egypt, and captains over every one of them.
Exodus 13:22	He took not away the pillar of the cloud by day, nor the pillar of fire by night, from before the people.
1 Samuel 28:22	Now therefore, I pray you, listen you also to the voice of your handmaid, and let me set a morsel of bread before you; and eat, that you may have strength, when you go on your way.
Romans 9:16	So then it is not of him that wills, nor of him that runs, but of God that shows mercy.
Jeremiah 40:11	Likewise when all the Jews that were in Moab, and among the Ammonites, and in Edom, and that were in all the countries, heard that the king of Babylon had left a remnant of Judah, and that he had set over them Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan;
1 Chronicles 29:16	O LORD our God, all this store that we have prepared to build you an house for your holy name comes of your hand, and is all your own.
Ezekiel 13:18	And say, Thus said the Lord GOD; Woe to the women that sew pillows to all armholes, and make kerchiefs on the head of every stature to hunt souls! Will you hunt the souls of my people, and will you save the souls alive that come to you?
Psalm 37:4	Delight yourself also in the LORD: and he shall give you the desires of your heart.
Jeremiah 14:15	Therefore thus said the LORD concerning the prophets that prophesy in my name, and I sent them not, yet they say, Sword and famine shall not be in this land; By sword and famine shall those prophets be consumed.
Isaiah 42:24	Who gave Jacob for a spoil, and Israel to the robbers? did not the LORD, he against whom we have sinned? for they would not walk in his ways, neither were they obedient to his law.
Acts 24:10	Then Paul, after that the governor had beckoned to him to speak, answered, For as much as I know that you have been of many years a judge to this nation, I do the more cheerfully answer for myself:
Genesis 36:14	And these were the sons of Aholibamah, the daughter of Anah the daughter of Zibeon, Esau’s wife: and she bore to Esau Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah.
2 Timothy 1:16	The Lord give mercy to the house of Onesiphorus; for he oft refreshed me, and was not ashamed of my chain:
Isaiah 37:27	Therefore their inhabitants were of small power, they were dismayed and confounded: they were as the grass of the field, and as the green herb, as the grass on the housetops, and as corn blasted before it be grown up.
Numbers 3:11	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Luke 1:9	According to the custom of the priest’s office, his lot was to burn incense when he went into the temple of the Lord.
Job 17:7	My eye also is dim by reason of sorrow, and all my members are as a shadow.
Proverbs 18:10	The name of the LORD is a strong tower: the righteous runs into it, and is safe.
2 Samuel 11:24	And the shooters shot from off the wall on your servants; and some of the king’s servants be dead, and your servant Uriah the Hittite is dead also.
Ezekiel 20:35	And I will bring you into the wilderness of the people, and there will I plead with you face to face.
Genesis 9:19	These are the three sons of Noah: and of them was the whole earth covered.
Deuteronomy 28:56	The tender and delicate woman among you, which would not adventure to set the sole of her foot on the ground for delicateness and tenderness, her eye shall be evil toward the husband of her bosom, and toward her son, and toward her daughter,
Exodus 2:18	And when they came to Reuel their father, he said, How is it that you are come so soon to day?
Matthew 18:2	And Jesus called a little child to him, and set him in the middle of them,
Isaiah 10:29	They are gone over the passage: they have taken up their lodging at Geba; Ramah is afraid; Gibeah of Saul is fled.
John 2:17	And his disciples remembered that it was written, The zeal of your house has eaten me up.
1 Kings 20:19	So these young men of the princes of the provinces came out of the city, and the army which followed them.
Nehemiah 7:38	The children of Senaah, three thousand nine hundred and thirty.
Genesis 35:8	But Deborah Rebekah’s nurse died, and she was buried beneath Bethel under an oak: and the name of it was called Allonbachuth.
John 21:20	Then Peter, turning about, sees the disciple whom Jesus loved following; which also leaned on his breast at supper, and said, Lord, which is he that betrays you?
Ezekiel 35:10	Because you have said, These two nations and these two countries shall be mine, and we will possess it; whereas the LORD was there:
Deuteronomy 16:10	And you shall keep the feast of weeks to the LORD your God with a tribute of a freewill offering of your hand, which you shall give to the LORD your God, according as the LORD your God has blessed you:
1 Chronicles 6:56	But the fields of the city, and the villages thereof, they gave to Caleb the son of Jephunneh.
Judges 19:17	And when he had lifted up his eyes, he saw a wayfaring man in the street of the city: and the old man said, Where go you? and from where come you?
Job 17:9	The righteous also shall hold on his way, and he that has clean hands shall be stronger and stronger.
Psalm 9:12	When he makes inquisition for blood, he remembers them: he forgets not the cry of the humble.
Nehemiah 12:38	And the other company of them that gave thanks went over against them, and I after them, and the half of the people on the wall, from beyond the tower of the furnaces even to the broad wall;
John 15:14	You are my friends, if you do whatever I command you.
2 Samuel 14:23	So Joab arose and went to Geshur, and brought Absalom to Jerusalem.
2 Corinthians 6:1	We then, as workers together with him, beseech you also that you receive not the grace of God in vain.
Job 5:18	For he makes sore, and binds up: he wounds, and his hands make whole.
Psalm 97:9	For you, LORD, are high above all the earth: you are exalted far above all gods.
2 Samuel 3:20	So Abner came to David to Hebron, and twenty men with him. And David made Abner and the men that were with him a feast.
Zechariah 10:6	And I will strengthen the house of Judah, and I will save the house of Joseph, and I will bring them again to place them; for I have mercy on them: and they shall be as though I had not cast them off: for I am the LORD their God, and will hear them.
Deuteronomy 14:25	Then shall you turn it into money, and bind up the money in your hand, and shall go to the place which the LORD your God shall choose:
1 Chronicles 16:38	And Obededom with their brothers, three score and eight; Obededom also the son of Jeduthun and Hosah to be porters:
Zechariah 1:12	Then the angel of the LORD answered and said, O LORD of hosts, how long will you not have mercy on Jerusalem and on the cities of Judah, against which you have had indignation these three score and ten years?
2 Samuel 22:42	They looked, but there was none to save; even to the LORD, but he answered them not.
Joshua 20:2	Speak to the children of Israel, saying, Appoint out for you cities of refuge, whereof I spoke to you by the hand of Moses:
Proverbs 31:12	She will do him good and not evil all the days of her life.
John 17:18	As you have sent me into the world, even so have I also sent them into the world.
John 9:29	We know that God spoke to Moses: as for this fellow, we know not from where he is.
Leviticus 26:37	And they shall fall one on another, as it were before a sword, when none pursues: and you shall have no power to stand before your enemies.
Luke 18:22	Now when Jesus heard these things, he said to him, Yet lack you one thing: sell all that you have, and distribute to the poor, and you shall have treasure in heaven: and come, follow me.
Nehemiah 11:1	And the rulers of the people dwelled at Jerusalem: the rest of the people also cast lots, to bring one of ten to dwell in Jerusalem the holy city, and nine parts to dwell in other cities.
Isaiah 49:9	That you may say to the prisoners, Go forth; to them that are in darkness, Show yourselves. They shall feed in the ways, and their pastures shall be in all high places.
Revelation 22:6	And he said to me, These sayings are faithful and true: and the Lord God of the holy prophets sent his angel to show to his servants the things which must shortly be done.
Ezekiel 43:7	And he said to me, Son of man, the place of my throne, and the place of the soles of my feet, where I will dwell in the middle of the children of Israel for ever, and my holy name, shall the house of Israel no more defile, neither they, nor their kings, by their prostitution, nor by the carcasses of their kings in their high places.
Lamentations 3:7	He has hedged me about, that I cannot get out: he has made my chain heavy.
Numbers 7:46	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
2 Kings 5:17	And Naaman said, Shall there not then, I pray you, be given to your servant two mules’ burden of earth? for your servant will from now on offer neither burnt offering nor sacrifice to other gods, but to the LORD.
Proverbs 9:10	The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom: and the knowledge of the holy is understanding.
Joshua 13:30	And their coast was from Mahanaim, all Bashan, all the kingdom of Og king of Bashan, and all the towns of Jair, which are in Bashan, three score cities:
John 11:2	(It was that Mary which anointed the Lord with ointment, and wiped his feet with her hair, whose brother Lazarus was sick.)
Daniel 10:19	And said, O man greatly beloved, fear not: peace be to you, be strong, yes, be strong. And when he had spoken to me, I was strengthened, and said, Let my lord speak; for you have strengthened me.
Isaiah 33:9	The earth mourns and languishes: Lebanon is ashamed and hewn down: Sharon is like a wilderness; and Bashan and Carmel shake off their fruits.
Exodus 17:2	Why the people did chide with Moses, and said, Give us water that we may drink. And Moses said to them, Why chide you with me? why do you tempt the LORD?
Ezekiel 27:21	Arabia, and all the princes of Kedar, they occupied with you in lambs, and rams, and goats: in these were they your merchants.
Exodus 30:19	For Aaron and his sons shall wash their hands and their feet thereat:
Luke 6:30	Give to every man that asks of you; and of him that takes away your goods ask them not again.
Acts 8:29	Then the Spirit said to Philip, Go near, and join yourself to this chariot.
Zechariah 9:12	Turn you to the strong hold, you prisoners of hope: even to day do I declare that I will render double to you;
Proverbs 28:25	He that is of a proud heart stirs up strife: but he that puts his trust in the LORD shall be made fat.
Revelation 2:13	I know your works, and where you dwell, even where Satan’s seat is: and you hold fast my name, and have not denied my faith, even in those days wherein Antipas was my faithful martyr, who was slain among you, where Satan dwells.
2 Chronicles 24:9	And they made a proclamation through Judah and Jerusalem, to bring in to the LORD the collection that Moses the servant of God laid on Israel in the wilderness.
Luke 21:36	Watch you therefore, and pray always, that you may be accounted worthy to escape all these things that shall come to pass, and to stand before the Son of man.
1 Thessalonians 1:1	Paul, and Silvanus, and Timotheus, to the church of the Thessalonians which is in God the Father and in the Lord Jesus Christ: Grace be to you, and peace, from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Psalm 140:13	Surely the righteous shall give thanks to your name: the upright shall dwell in your presence.
Psalm 132:13	For the LORD has chosen Zion; he has desired it for his habitation.
Jeremiah 21:12	O house of David, thus said the LORD; Execute judgment in the morning, and deliver him that is spoiled out of the hand of the oppressor, lest my fury go out like fire, and burn that none can quench it, because of the evil of your doings.
Jeremiah 15:2	And it shall come to pass, if they say to you, Where shall we go forth? then you shall tell them, Thus said the LORD; Such as are for death, to death; and such as are for the sword, to the sword; and such as are for the famine, to the famine; and such as are for the captivity, to the captivity.
Nehemiah 3:5	And next to them the Tekoites repaired; but their nobles put not their necks to the work of their LORD.
Acts 5:14	And believers were the more added to the Lord, multitudes both of men and women.)
Deuteronomy 13:11	And all Israel shall hear, and fear, and shall do no more any such wickedness as this is among you.
Genesis 5:14	And all the days of Cainan were nine hundred and ten years: and he died.
1 Samuel 16:4	And Samuel did that which the LORD spoke, and came to Bethlehem. And the elders of the town trembled at his coming, and said, Come you peaceably?
Deuteronomy 27:25	Cursed be he that takes reward to slay an innocent person. And all the people shall say, Amen.
Acts 10:4	And when he looked on him, he was afraid, and said, What is it, Lord? And he said to him, Your prayers and your alms are come up for a memorial before God.
Luke 3:8	Bring forth therefore fruits worthy of repentance, and begin not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father: for I say to you, That God is able of these stones to raise up children to Abraham.
Daniel 9:6	Neither have we listened to your servants the prophets, which spoke in your name to our kings, our princes, and our fathers, and to all the people of the land.
Amos 2:7	That pant after the dust of the earth on the head of the poor, and turn aside the way of the meek: and a man and his father will go in to the same maid, to profane my holy name:
Exodus 33:16	For wherein shall it be known here that I and your people have found grace in your sight? is it not in that you go with us? so shall we be separated, I and your people, from all the people that are on the face of the earth.
Jeremiah 3:5	Will he reserve his anger for ever? will he keep it to the end? Behold, you have spoken and done evil things as you could.
Numbers 3:49	And Moses took the redemption money of them that were over and above them that were redeemed by the Levites:
Leviticus 13:41	And he that has his hair fallen off from the part of his head toward his face, he is forehead bald: yet is he clean.
Exodus 19:17	And Moses brought forth the people out of the camp to meet with God; and they stood at the nether part of the mount.
John 12:46	I am come a light into the world, that whoever believes on me should not abide in darkness.
Mark 5:23	And sought him greatly, saying, My little daughter lies at the point of death: I pray you, come and lay your hands on her, that she may be healed; and she shall live.
Luke 23:30	Then shall they begin to say to the mountains, Fall on us; and to the hills, Cover us.
2 Peter 3:10	But the day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night; in the which the heavens shall pass away with a great noise, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat, the earth also and the works that are therein shall be burned up.
Proverbs 22:1	A GOOD name is rather to be chosen than great riches, and loving favor rather than silver and gold.
Ezekiel 16:26	You have also committed fornication with the Egyptians your neighbors, great of flesh; and have increased your prostitutions, to provoke me to anger.
1 Corinthians 9:6	Or I only and Barnabas, have not we power to forbear working?
1 Chronicles 4:30	And at Bethuel, and at Hormah, and at Ziklag,
Acts 13:10	And said, O full of all subtlety and all mischief, you child of the devil, you enemy of all righteousness, will you not cease to pervert the right ways of the Lord?
1 Chronicles 9:37	And Gedor, and Ahio, and Zechariah, and Mikloth.
Numbers 33:21	And they removed from Libnah, and pitched at Rissah.
Numbers 19:2	This is the ordinance of the law which the LORD has commanded, saying, Speak to the children of Israel, that they bring you a red heifer without spot, wherein is no blemish, and on which never came yoke:
Job 38:29	Out of whose womb came the ice? and the hoary frost of heaven, who has gendered it?
Jeremiah 51:15	He has made the earth by his power, he has established the world by his wisdom, and has stretched out the heaven by his understanding.
Acts 1:18	Now this man purchased a field with the reward of iniquity; and falling headlong, he burst asunder in the middle, and all his bowels gushed out.
Deuteronomy 1:33	Who went in the way before you, to search you out a place to pitch your tents in, in fire by night, to show you by what way you should go, and in a cloud by day.
Genesis 28:18	And Jacob rose up early in the morning, and took the stone that he had put for his pillows, and set it up for a pillar, and poured oil on the top of it.
Mark 12:33	And to love him with all the heart, and with all the understanding, and with all the soul, and with all the strength, and to love his neighbor as himself, is more than all whole burnt offerings and sacrifices.
Luke 23:43	And Jesus said to him, Truly I say to you, To day shall you be with me in paradise.
Numbers 19:15	And every open vessel, which has no covering bound on it, is unclean.
Nehemiah 2:10	When Sanballat the Horonite, and Tobiah the servant, the Ammonite, heard of it, it grieved them exceedingly that there was come a man to seek the welfare of the children of Israel.
Micah 6:14	You shall eat, but not be satisfied; and your casting down shall be in the middle of you; and you shall take hold, but shall not deliver; and that which you deliver will I give up to the sword.
2 Chronicles 35:11	And they killed the passover, and the priests sprinkled the blood from their hands, and the Levites flayed them.
Genesis 40:13	Yet within three days shall Pharaoh lift up your head, and restore you to your place: and you shall deliver Pharaoh’s cup into his hand, after the former manner when you were his butler.
1 Chronicles 24:7	Now the first lot came forth to Jehoiarib, the second to Jedaiah,
Ezekiel 11:17	Therefore say, Thus said the Lord GOD; I will even gather you from the people, and assemble you out of the countries where you have been scattered, and I will give you the land of Israel.
Psalm 22:31	They shall come, and shall declare his righteousness to a people that shall be born, that he has done this.
1 Corinthians 13:3	And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, and have not charity, it profits me nothing.
Ezra 8:6	Of the sons also of Adin; Ebed the son of Jonathan, and with him fifty males.
Judges 8:11	And Gideon went up by the way of them that dwelled in tents on the east of Nobah and Jogbehah, and smote the host; for the host was secure.
Leviticus 11:29	These also shall be unclean to you among the creeping things that creep on the earth; the weasel, and the mouse, and the tortoise after his kind,
Proverbs 2:22	But the wicked shall be cut off from the earth, and the transgressors shall be rooted out of it.
Genesis 49:12	His eyes shall be red with wine, and his teeth white with milk.
Isaiah 14:29	Rejoice not you, whole Palestina, because the rod of him that smote you is broken: for out of the serpent’s root shall come forth a cockatrice, and his fruit shall be a fiery flying serpent.
Numbers 7:25	His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:
John 14:25	These things have I spoken to you, being yet present with you.
Numbers 10:14	In the first place went the standard of the camp of the children of Judah according to their armies: and over his host was Nahshon the son of Amminadab.
Matthew 16:20	Then charged he his disciples that they should tell no man that he was Jesus the Christ.
Obadiah 1:11	In the day that you stood on the other side, in the day that the strangers carried away captive his forces, and foreigners entered into his gates, and cast lots on Jerusalem, even you were as one of them.
Romans 9:31	But Israel, which followed after the law of righteousness, has not attained to the law of righteousness.
Matthew 5:3	Blessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
Acts 10:34	Then Peter opened his mouth, and said, Of a truth I perceive that God is no respecter of persons:
1 Chronicles 12:13	Jeremiah the tenth, Machbanai the eleventh.
Luke 20:18	Whoever shall fall on that stone shall be broken; but on whomsoever it shall fall, it will grind him to powder.
Isaiah 54:6	For the LORD has called you as a woman forsaken and grieved in spirit, and a wife of youth, when you were refused, said your God.
Hosea 12:3	He took his brother by the heel in the womb, and by his strength he had power with God:
Deuteronomy 13:10	And you shall stone him with stones, that he die; because he has sought to thrust you away from the LORD your God, which brought you out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage.
Isaiah 13:5	They come from a far country, from the end of heaven, even the LORD, and the weapons of his indignation, to destroy the whole land.
Lamentations 1:8	Jerusalem has grievously sinned; therefore she is removed: all that honored her despise her, because they have seen her nakedness: yes, she sighs, and turns backward.
Luke 1:32	He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the Highest: and the Lord God shall give to him the throne of his father David:
Ezekiel 39:22	So the house of Israel shall know that I am the LORD their God from that day and forward.
2 Chronicles 23:19	And he set the porters at the gates of the house of the LORD, that none which was unclean in any thing should enter in.
John 3:1	There was a man of the Pharisees, named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews:
2 Chronicles 12:16	And Rehoboam slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David: and Abijah his son reigned in his stead.
Acts 23:17	Then Paul called one of the centurions to him, and said, Bring this young man to the chief captain: for he has a certain thing to tell him.
Acts 15:20	But that we write to them, that they abstain from pollutions of idols, and from fornication, and from things strangled, and from blood.
Proverbs 6:34	For jealousy is the rage of a man: therefore he will not spare in the day of vengeance.
Psalm 10:8	He sits in the lurking places of the villages: in the secret places does he murder the innocent: his eyes are privately set against the poor.
Genesis 37:11	And his brothers envied him; but his father observed the saying.
Revelation 1:13	And in the middle of the seven candlesticks one like to the Son of man, clothed with a garment down to the foot, and girt about the breasts with a golden girdle.
Numbers 14:40	And they rose up early in the morning, and got them up into the top of the mountain, saying, See, we be here, and will go up to the place which the LORD has promised: for we have sinned.
Numbers 33:41	And they departed from mount Hor, and pitched in Zalmonah.
Job 9:21	Though I were perfect, yet would I not know my soul: I would despise my life.
1 Samuel 23:16	And Jonathan Saul’s son arose, and went to David into the wood, and strengthened his hand in God.
Psalm 18:16	He sent from above, he took me, he drew me out of many waters.
Mark 9:28	And when he was come into the house, his disciples asked him privately, Why could not we cast him out?
1 Kings 20:8	And all the elders and all the people said to him, Listen not to him, nor consent.
John 18:21	Why ask you me? ask them which heard me, what I have said to them: behold, they know what I said.
Nehemiah 5:8	And I said to them, We after our ability have redeemed our brothers the Jews, which were sold to the heathen; and will you even sell your brothers? or shall they be sold to us? Then held they their peace, and found nothing to answer.
Acts 9:17	And Ananias went his way, and entered into the house; and putting his hands on him said, Brother Saul, the Lord, even Jesus, that appeared to you in the way as you came, has sent me, that you might receive your sight, and be filled with the Holy Ghost.
1 Kings 18:6	So they divided the land between them to pass throughout it: Ahab went one way by himself, and Obadiah went another way by himself.
Romans 1:31	Without understanding, covenant breakers, without natural affection, implacable, unmerciful:
Genesis 37:36	And the Midianites sold him into Egypt to Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh’s, and captain of the guard.
Psalm 119:75	I know, O LORD, that your judgments are right, and that you in faithfulness have afflicted me.
Ezekiel 17:12	Say now to the rebellious house, Know you not what these things mean? tell them, Behold, the king of Babylon is come to Jerusalem, and has taken the king thereof, and the princes thereof, and led them with him to Babylon;
Job 38:12	Have you commanded the morning since your days; and caused the dayspring to know his place;
1 Kings 1:13	Go and get you in to king David, and say to him, Did not you, my lord, O king, swear to your handmaid, saying, Assuredly Solomon your son shall reign after me, and he shall sit on my throne? why then does Adonijah reign?
Proverbs 1:7	The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge: but fools despise wisdom and instruction.
Mark 15:12	And Pilate answered and said again to them, What will you then that I shall do to him whom you call the King of the Jews?
Psalm 73:23	Nevertheless I am continually with you: you have held me by my right hand.
Job 35:6	If you sin, what do you against him? or if your transgressions be multiplied, what do you to him?
2 Samuel 14:22	And Joab fell to the ground on his face, and bowed himself, and thanked the king: and Joab said, To day your servant knows that I have found grace in your sight, my lord, O king, in that the king has fulfilled the request of his servant.
Matthew 7:10	Or if he ask a fish, will he give him a serpent?
Judges 16:21	But the Philistines took him, and put out his eyes, and brought him down to Gaza, and bound him with fetters of brass; and he did grind in the prison house.
Psalm 132:5	Until I find out a place for the LORD, an habitation for the mighty God of Jacob.
Genesis 9:15	And I will remember my covenant, which is between me and you and every living creature of all flesh; and the waters shall no more become a flood to destroy all flesh.
Deuteronomy 32:34	Is not this laid up in store with me, and sealed up among my treasures?
Mark 2:18	And the disciples of John and of the Pharisees used to fast: and they come and say to him, Why do the disciples of John and of the Pharisees fast, but your disciples fast not?
Matthew 12:44	Then he said, I will return into my house from where I came out; and when he is come, he finds it empty, swept, and garnished.
Acts 19:19	Many of them also which used curious arts brought their books together, and burned them before all men: and they counted the price of them, and found it fifty thousand pieces of silver.
Job 23:5	I would know the words which he would answer me, and understand what he would say to me.
Romans 2:16	In the day when God shall judge the secrets of men by Jesus Christ according to my gospel.
1 Kings 3:3	And Solomon loved the LORD, walking in the statutes of David his father: only he sacrificed and burnt incense in high places.
2 Chronicles 28:26	Now the rest of his acts and of all his ways, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.
Psalm 22:3	But you are holy, O you that inhabit the praises of Israel.
Romans 13:5	Why you must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience sake.
2 Chronicles 7:6	And the priests waited on their offices: the Levites also with instruments of music of the LORD, which David the king had made to praise the LORD, because his mercy endures for ever, when David praised by their ministry; and the priests sounded trumpets before them, and all Israel stood.
1 Samuel 1:15	And Hannah answered and said, No, my lord, I am a woman of a sorrowful spirit: I have drunk neither wine nor strong drink, but have poured out my soul before the LORD.
Luke 6:48	He is like a man which built an house, and dig deep, and laid the foundation on a rock: and when the flood arose, the stream beat vehemently on that house, and could not shake it: for it was founded on a rock.
1 Corinthians 6:3	Know you not that we shall judge angels? how much more things that pertain to this life?
Genesis 27:7	Bring me venison, and make me savoury meat, that I may eat, and bless you before the LORD before my death.
Ezekiel 1:6	And every one had four faces, and every one had four wings.
Genesis 49:5	Simeon and Levi are brothers; instruments of cruelty are in their habitations.
Matthew 25:39	Or when saw we you sick, or in prison, and came to you?
Song of Solomon 7:5	Your head on you is like Carmel, and the hair of your head like purple; the king is held in the galleries.
Matthew 25:32	And before him shall be gathered all nations: and he shall separate them one from another, as a shepherd divides his sheep from the goats:
Numbers 28:24	After this manner you shall offer daily, throughout the seven days, the meat of the sacrifice made by fire, of a sweet smell to the LORD: it shall be offered beside the continual burnt offering, and his drink offering.
Psalm 78:63	The fire consumed their young men; and their maidens were not given to marriage.
Hosea 11:7	And my people are bent to backsliding from me: though they called them to the most High, none at all would exalt him.
Jude 1:2	Mercy to you, and peace, and love, be multiplied.
John 3:4	Nicodemus said to him, How can a man be born when he is old? can he enter the second time into his mother’s womb, and be born?
Judges 3:17	And he brought the present to Eglon king of Moab: and Eglon was a very fat man.
Psalm 57:4	My soul is among lions: and I lie even among them that are set on fire, even the sons of men, whose teeth are spears and arrows, and their tongue a sharp sword.
Deuteronomy 29:20	The LORD will not spare him, but then the anger of the LORD and his jealousy shall smoke against that man, and all the curses that are written in this book shall lie on him, and the LORD shall blot out his name from under heaven.
Ezekiel 18:11	And that does not any of those duties, but even has eaten on the mountains, and defiled his neighbor’s wife,
Luke 4:24	And he said, Truly I say to you, No prophet is accepted in his own country.
1 Samuel 17:1	Now the Philistines gathered together their armies to battle, and were gathered together at Shochoh, which belongs to Judah, and pitched between Shochoh and Azekah, in Ephesdammim.
Isaiah 11:14	But they shall fly on the shoulders of the Philistines toward the west; they shall spoil them of the east together: they shall lay their hand on Edom and Moab; and the children of Ammon shall obey them.
Deuteronomy 12:8	You shall not do after all the things that we do here this day, every man whatever is right in his own eyes.
1 Corinthians 3:3	For you are yet carnal: for whereas there is among you envying, and strife, and divisions, are you not carnal, and walk as men?
James 4:16	But now you rejoice in your boastings: all such rejoicing is evil.
Job 39:6	Whose house I have made the wilderness, and the barren land his dwellings.
1 Kings 15:28	Even in the third year of Asa king of Judah did Baasha slay him, and reigned in his stead.
Ruth 1:21	I went out full and the LORD has brought me home again empty: why then call you me Naomi, seeing the LORD has testified against me, and the Almighty has afflicted me?
Psalm 139:11	If I say, Surely the darkness shall cover me; even the night shall be light about me.
Proverbs 31:21	She is not afraid of the snow for her household: for all her household are clothed with scarlet.
2 Samuel 1:3	And David said to him, From where come you? And he said to him, Out of the camp of Israel am I escaped.
Mark 14:17	And in the evening he comes with the twelve.
Job 37:14	Listen to this, O Job: stand still, and consider the wondrous works of God.
1 Chronicles 23:8	The sons of Laadan; the chief was Jehiel, and Zetham, and Joel, three.
1 Kings 1:1	Now king David was old and stricken in years; and they covered him with clothes, but he got no heat.
Proverbs 27:22	Though you should bray a fool in a mortar among wheat with a pestle, yet will not his foolishness depart from him.
Romans 16:11	Salute Herodion my kinsman. Greet them that be of the household of Narcissus, which are in the Lord.
Proverbs 28:27	He that gives to the poor shall not lack: but he that hides his eyes shall have many a curse.
1 Samuel 3:14	And therefore I have sworn to the house of Eli, that the iniquity of Eli’s house shall not be purged with sacrifice nor offering for ever.
Genesis 23:5	And the children of Heth answered Abraham, saying to him,
1 Samuel 29:1	Now the Philistines gathered together all their armies to Aphek: and the Israelites pitched by a fountain which is in Jezreel.
Psalm 136:11	And brought out Israel from among them: for his mercy endures for ever:
James 3:3	Behold, we put bits in the horses’ mouths, that they may obey us; and we turn about their whole body.
Romans 2:23	You that make your boast of the law, through breaking the law dishonor you God?
Zechariah 9:2	And Hamath also shall border thereby; Tyrus, and Zidon, though it be very wise.
1 Kings 9:27	And Hiram sent in the navy his servants, shipmen that had knowledge of the sea, with the servants of Solomon.
Acts 11:29	Then the disciples, every man according to his ability, determined to send relief to the brothers which dwelled in Judaea:
1 Samuel 10:27	But the children of Belial said, How shall this man save us? And they despised him, and brought no presents. But he held his peace.
Acts 16:4	And as they went through the cities, they delivered them the decrees for to keep, that were ordained of the apostles and elders which were at Jerusalem.
1 Samuel 1:2	And he had two wives; the name of the one was Hannah, and the name of the other Peninnah: and Peninnah had children, but Hannah had no children.
Exodus 12:19	Seven days shall there be no leaven found in your houses: for whoever eats that which is leavened, even that soul shall be cut off from the congregation of Israel, whether he be a stranger, or born in the land.
1 Samuel 25:11	Shall I then take my bread, and my water, and my flesh that I have killed for my shearers, and give it to men, whom I know not from where they be?
Song of Solomon 2:17	Until the day break, and the shadows flee away, turn, my beloved, and be you like a roe or a young hart on the mountains of Bether.
2 Chronicles 2:3	And Solomon sent to Huram the king of Tyre, saying, As you did deal with David my father, and did send him cedars to build him an house to dwell therein, even so deal with me.
1 Kings 7:3	And it was covered with cedar above on the beams, that lay on forty five pillars, fifteen in a row.
Exodus 37:22	Their knops and their branches were of the same: all of it was one beaten work of pure gold.
Deuteronomy 32:13	He made him ride on the high places of the earth, that he might eat the increase of the fields; and he made him to suck honey out of the rock, and oil out of the flinty rock;
Leviticus 19:28	You shall not make any cuttings in your flesh for the dead, nor print any marks on you: I am the LORD.
Psalm 119:129	Your testimonies are wonderful: therefore does my soul keep them.
1 Chronicles 6:75	And Hukok with her suburbs, and Rehob with her suburbs:
Genesis 17:21	But my covenant will I establish with Isaac, which Sarah shall bear to you at this set time in the next year.
Ezekiel 7:7	The morning is come to you, O you that dwell in the land: the time is come, the day of trouble is near, and not the sounding again of the mountains.
Hosea 11:3	I taught Ephraim also to go, taking them by their arms; but they knew not that I healed them.
Exodus 32:21	And Moses said to Aaron, What did this people to you, that you have brought so great a sin on them?
John 8:52	Then said the Jews to him, Now we know that you have a devil. Abraham is dead, and the prophets; and you say, If a man keep my saying, he shall never taste of death.
2 Chronicles 14:10	Then Asa went out against him, and they set the battle in array in the valley of Zephathah at Mareshah.
Matthew 2:2	Saying, Where is he that is born King of the Jews? for we have seen his star in the east, and are come to worship him.
Proverbs 10:28	The hope of the righteous shall be gladness: but the expectation of the wicked shall perish.
1 Chronicles 8:29	And at Gibeon dwelled the father of Gibeon; whose wife’s name was Maachah:
Revelation 12:8	And prevailed not; neither was their place found any more in heaven.
Luke 23:49	And all his acquaintance, and the women that followed him from Galilee, stood afar off, beholding these things.
Proverbs 6:6	Go to the ant, you sluggard; consider her ways, and be wise:
Genesis 24:58	And they called Rebekah, and said to her, Will you go with this man? And she said, I will go.
Genesis 17:6	And I will make you exceeding fruitful, and I will make nations of you, and kings shall come out of you.
1 Kings 22:10	And the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah sat each on his throne, having put on their robes, in a void place in the entrance of the gate of Samaria; and all the prophets prophesied before them.
Exodus 18:12	And Jethro, Moses’ father in law, took a burnt offering and sacrifices for God: and Aaron came, and all the elders of Israel, to eat bread with Moses’ father in law before God.
John 4:51	And as he was now going down, his servants met him, and told him, saying, Your son lives.
1 Samuel 22:23	Abide you with me, fear not: for he that seeks my life seeks your life: but with me you shall be in safeguard.
Psalm 74:15	You did split the fountain and the flood: you dried up mighty rivers.
1 Corinthians 5:3	For I truly, as absent in body, but present in spirit, have judged already, as though I were present, concerning him that has so done this deed,
Jeremiah 48:31	Therefore will I howl for Moab, and I will cry out for all Moab; my heart shall mourn for the men of Kirheres.
Numbers 34:4	And your border shall turn from the south to the ascent of Akrabbim, and pass on to Zin: and the going forth thereof shall be from the south to Kadeshbarnea, and shall go on to Hazaraddar, and pass on to Azmon:
2 Chronicles 34:15	And Hilkiah answered and said to Shaphan the scribe, I have found the book of the law in the house of the LORD. And Hilkiah delivered the book to Shaphan.
Titus 2:11	For the grace of God that brings salvation has appeared to all men,
1 Timothy 4:1	Now the Spirit speaks expressly, that in the latter times some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, and doctrines of devils;
Matthew 14:9	And the king was sorry: nevertheless for the oath’s sake, and them which sat with him at meat, he commanded it to be given her.
Nehemiah 9:9	And did see the affliction of our fathers in Egypt, and heard their cry by the Red sea;
Exodus 27:9	And you shall make the court of the tabernacle: for the south side southward there shall be hangings for the court of fine twined linen of an hundred cubits long for one side:
Ezekiel 44:20	Neither shall they shave their heads, nor suffer their locks to grow long; they shall only poll their heads.
Obadiah 1:2	Behold, I have made you small among the heathen: you are greatly despised.
1 Corinthians 8:1	Now as touching things offered to idols, we know that we all have knowledge. Knowledge puffs up, but charity edifies.
Psalm 33:19	To deliver their soul from death, and to keep them alive in famine.
Psalm 37:5	Commit your way to the LORD; trust also in him; and he shall bring it to pass.
Acts 10:28	And he said to them, You know how that it is an unlawful thing for a man that is a Jew to keep company, or come to one of another nation; but God has showed me that I should not call any man common or unclean.
Exodus 28:5	And they shall take gold, and blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine linen.
Genesis 37:17	And the man said, They are departed hence; for I heard them say, Let us go to Dothan. And Joseph went after his brothers, and found them in Dothan.
Matthew 25:41	Then shall he say also to them on the left hand, Depart from me, you cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels:
Isaiah 14:30	And the firstborn of the poor shall feed, and the needy shall lie down in safety: and I will kill your root with famine, and he shall slay your remnant.
Genesis 13:4	To the place of the altar, which he had make there at the first: and there Abram called on the name of the LORD.
Genesis 2:19	And out of the ground the LORD God formed every beast of the field, and every fowl of the air; and brought them to Adam to see what he would call them: and whatever Adam called every living creature, that was the name thereof.
Psalm 76:7	You, even you, are to be feared: and who may stand in your sight when once you are angry?
2 Chronicles 8:11	And Solomon brought up the daughter of Pharaoh out of the city of David to the house that he had built for her: for he said, My wife shall not dwell in the house of David king of Israel, because the places are holy, whereunto the ark of the LORD has come.
Leviticus 8:21	And he washed the inwards and the legs in water; and Moses burnt the whole ram on the altar: it was a burnt sacrifice for a sweet smell, and an offering made by fire to the LORD; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Ezekiel 13:20	Why thus said the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against your pillows, with which you there hunt the souls to make them fly, and I will tear them from your arms, and will let the souls go, even the souls that you hunt to make them fly.
2 Kings 23:18	And he said, Let him alone; let no man move his bones. So they let his bones alone, with the bones of the prophet that came out of Samaria.
1 Samuel 11:8	And when he numbered them in Bezek, the children of Israel were three hundred thousand, and the men of Judah thirty thousand.
1 Kings 2:19	Bathsheba therefore went to king Solomon, to speak to him for Adonijah. And the king rose up to meet her, and bowed himself to her, and sat down on his throne, and caused a seat to be set for the king’s mother; and she sat on his right hand.
Philippians 4:23	The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Joshua 18:22	And Betharabah, and Zemaraim, and Bethel,
Proverbs 12:19	The lip of truth shall be established for ever: but a lying tongue is but for a moment.
1 Chronicles 9:39	And Ner begat Kish; and Kish begat Saul; and Saul begat Jonathan, and Malchishua, and Abinadab, and Eshbaal.
Leviticus 11:25	And whoever bears ought of the carcass of them shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even.
1 Kings 15:11	And Asa did that which was right in the eyes of the LORD, as did David his father.
Luke 15:3	And he spoke this parable to them, saying,
Exodus 28:10	Six of their names on one stone, and the other six names of the rest on the other stone, according to their birth.
Matthew 11:2	Now when John had heard in the prison the works of Christ, he sent two of his disciples,
Job 22:28	You shall also decree a thing, and it shall be established to you: and the light shall shine on your ways.
Acts 8:25	And they, when they had testified and preached the word of the Lord, returned to Jerusalem, and preached the gospel in many villages of the Samaritans.
Exodus 36:16	And he coupled five curtains by themselves, and six curtains by themselves.
2 Timothy 2:25	In meekness instructing those that oppose themselves; if God peradventure will give them repentance to the acknowledging of the truth;
Psalm 132:12	If your children will keep my covenant and my testimony that I shall teach them, their children shall also sit on your throne for ever more.
Lamentations 3:4	My flesh and my skin has he made old; he has broken my bones.
Proverbs 5:5	Her feet go down to death; her steps take hold on hell.
Psalm 18:12	At the brightness that was before him his thick clouds passed, hail stones and coals of fire.
2 Samuel 2:4	And the men of Judah came, and there they anointed David king over the house of Judah. And they told David, saying, That the men of Jabeshgilead were they that buried Saul.
1 Chronicles 2:38	And Obed begat Jehu, and Jehu begat Azariah,
Isaiah 37:1	And it came to pass, when king Hezekiah heard it, that he rent his clothes, and covered himself with sackcloth, and went into the house of the LORD.
1 Kings 8:2	And all the men of Israel assembled themselves to king Solomon at the feast in the month Ethanim, which is the seventh month.
Isaiah 31:2	Yet he also is wise, and will bring evil, and will not call back his words: but will arise against the house of the evildoers, and against the help of them that work iniquity.
1 Samuel 15:34	Then Samuel went to Ramah; and Saul went up to his house to Gibeah of Saul.
Psalm 52:7	See, this is the man that made not God his strength; but trusted in the abundance of his riches, and strengthened himself in his wickedness.
Mark 6:40	And they sat down in ranks, by hundreds, and by fifties.
Hebrews 9:18	Whereupon neither the first testament was dedicated without blood.
Leviticus 22:4	What man soever of the seed of Aaron is a leper, or has a running issue; he shall not eat of the holy things, until he be clean. And whoever touches any thing that is unclean by the dead, or a man whose seed goes from him;
1 Samuel 5:6	But the hand of the LORD was heavy on them of Ashdod, and he destroyed them, and smote them with tumors, even Ashdod and the coasts thereof.
Mark 9:26	And the spirit cried, and rent him sore, and came out of him: and he was as one dead; so that many said, He is dead.
Genesis 43:4	If you will send our brother with us, we will go down and buy you food:
Judges 18:27	And they took the things which Micah had made, and the priest which he had, and came to Laish, to a people that were at quiet and secure: and they smote them with the edge of the sword, and burnt the city with fire.
Ezekiel 18:2	What mean you, that you use this proverb concerning the land of Israel, saying, The fathers have eaten sour grapes, and the children’s teeth are set on edge?
Ezekiel 40:6	Then came he to the gate which looks toward the east, and went up the stairs thereof, and measured the threshold of the gate, which was one reed broad; and the other threshold of the gate, which was one reed broad.
Jeremiah 27:5	I have made the earth, the man and the beast that are on the ground, by my great power and by my outstretched arm, and have given it to whom it seemed meet to me.
Luke 3:20	Added yet this above all, that he shut up John in prison.
1 Thessalonians 4:12	That you may walk honestly toward them that are without, and that you may have lack of nothing.
Numbers 2:12	And those which pitch by him shall be the tribe of Simeon: and the captain of the children of Simeon shall be Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai.
1 Samuel 20:37	And when the lad was come to the place of the arrow which Jonathan had shot, Jonathan cried after the lad, and said, Is not the arrow beyond you?
Jeremiah 8:17	For, behold, I will send serpents, cockatrices, among you, which will not be charmed, and they shall bite you, said the LORD.
1 Kings 22:31	But the king of Syria commanded his thirty and two captains that had rule over his chariots, saying, Fight neither with small nor great, save only with the king of Israel.
Genesis 35:18	And it came to pass, as her soul was in departing, (for she died) that she called his name Benoni: but his father called him Benjamin.
1 Kings 15:10	And forty and one years reigned he in Jerusalem. And his mother’s name was Maachah, the daughter of Abishalom.
Exodus 12:33	And the Egyptians were urgent on the people, that they might send them out of the land in haste; for they said, We be all dead men.
Ezekiel 10:1	Then I looked, and, behold, in the firmament that was above the head of the cherubim there appeared over them as it were a sapphire stone, as the appearance of the likeness of a throne.
1 Samuel 19:23	And he went thither to Naioth in Ramah: and the Spirit of God was on him also, and he went on, and prophesied, until he came to Naioth in Ramah.
Numbers 7:39	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:
Joshua 6:1	Now Jericho was straightly shut up because of the children of Israel: none went out, and none came in.
Luke 12:1	In the mean time, when there were gathered together an innumerable multitude of people, so that they stepped one on another, he began to say to his disciples first of all, Beware you of the leaven of the Pharisees, which is hypocrisy.
Numbers 20:28	And Moses stripped Aaron of his garments, and put them on Eleazar his son; and Aaron died there in the top of the mount: and Moses and Eleazar came down from the mount.
Amos 5:10	They hate him that rebukes in the gate, and they abhor him that speaks uprightly.
1 Timothy 6:9	But they that will be rich fall into temptation and a snare, and into many foolish and hurtful lusts, which drown men in destruction and perdition.
Exodus 6:8	And I will bring you in to the land, concerning the which I did swear to give it to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob; and I will give it you for an heritage: I am the LORD.
Exodus 1:3	Issachar, Zebulun, and Benjamin,
Ruth 4:10	Moreover Ruth the Moabitess, the wife of Mahlon, have I purchased to be my wife, to raise up the name of the dead on his inheritance, that the name of the dead be not cut off from among his brothers, and from the gate of his place: you are witnesses this day.
Micah 7:2	The good man is perished out of the earth: and there is none upright among men: they all lie in wait for blood; they hunt every man his brother with a net.
1 Kings 15:1	Now in the eighteenth year of king Jeroboam the son of Nebat reigned Abijam over Judah.
Psalm 43:3	O send out your light and your truth: let them lead me; let them bring me to your holy hill, and to your tabernacles.
Matthew 25:6	And at midnight there was a cry made, Behold, the bridegroom comes; go you out to meet him.
Nehemiah 9:34	Neither have our kings, our princes, our priests, nor our fathers, kept your law, nor listened to your commandments and your testimonies, with which you did testify against them.
John 9:27	He answered them, I have told you already, and you did not hear: why would you hear it again? will you also be his disciples?
Nehemiah 3:26	Moreover the Nethinims dwelled in Ophel, to the place over against the water gate toward the east, and the tower that lies out.
2 Chronicles 14:5	Also he took away out of all the cities of Judah the high places and the images: and the kingdom was quiet before him.
1 Samuel 26:21	Then said Saul, I have sinned: return, my son David: for I will no more do you harm, because my soul was precious in your eyes this day: behold, I have played the fool, and have erred exceedingly.
Isaiah 42:4	He shall not fail nor be discouraged, till he have set judgment in the earth: and the isles shall wait for his law.
Psalm 14:7	Oh that the salvation of Israel were come out of Zion! when the LORD brings back the captivity of his people, Jacob shall rejoice, and Israel shall be glad.
John 1:42	And he brought him to Jesus. And when Jesus beheld him, he said, You are Simon the son of Jona: you shall be called Cephas, which is by interpretation, A stone.
Genesis 2:6	But there went up a mist from the earth, and watered the whole face of the ground.
Exodus 26:1	Moreover you shall make the tabernacle with ten curtains of fine twined linen, and blue, and purple, and scarlet: with cherubim of cunning work shall you make them.
Exodus 12:26	And it shall come to pass, when your children shall say to you, What mean you by this service?
2 Samuel 11:2	And it came to pass in an evening, that David arose from off his bed, and walked on the roof of the king’s house: and from the roof he saw a woman washing herself; and the woman was very beautiful to look on.
Nehemiah 5:19	Think on me, my God, for good, according to all that I have done for this people.
1 Chronicles 24:12	The eleventh to Eliashib, the twelfth to Jakim,
Nehemiah 10:1	Now those that sealed were, Nehemiah, the Tirshatha, the son of Hachaliah, and Zidkijah,
Isaiah 17:9	In that day shall his strong cities be as a forsaken bough, and an uppermost branch, which they left because of the children of Israel: and there shall be desolation.
1 Chronicles 12:19	And there fell some of Manasseh to David, when he came with the Philistines against Saul to battle: but they helped them not: for the lords of the Philistines on advisement sent him away, saying, He will fall to his master Saul to the jeopardy of our heads.
Zechariah 11:8	Three shepherds also I cut off in one month; and my soul loathed them, and their soul also abhorred me.
1 Chronicles 6:40	The son of Michael, the son of Baaseiah, the son of Malchiah,
Job 40:24	He takes it with his eyes: his nose pierces through snares.
2 Kings 9:27	But when Ahaziah the king of Judah saw this, he fled by the way of the garden house. And Jehu followed after him, and said, Smite him also in the chariot. And they did so at the going up to Gur, which is by Ibleam. And he fled to Megiddo, and died there.
1 Kings 6:34	And the two doors were of fir tree: the two leaves of the one door were folding, and the two leaves of the other door were folding.
Numbers 7:58	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
Acts 9:40	But Peter put them all forth, and kneeled down, and prayed; and turning him to the body said, Tabitha, arise. And she opened her eyes: and when she saw Peter, she sat up.
Hebrews 3:3	For this man was counted worthy of more glory than Moses, inasmuch as he who has built the house has more honor than the house.
Leviticus 4:15	And the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands on the head of the bullock before the LORD: and the bullock shall be killed before the LORD.
1 Kings 8:54	And it was so, that when Solomon had made an end of praying all this prayer and supplication to the LORD, he arose from before the altar of the LORD, from kneeling on his knees with his hands spread up to heaven.
Exodus 31:11	And the anointing oil, and sweet incense for the holy place: according to all that I have commanded you shall they do.
Judges 9:1	And Abimelech the son of Jerubbaal went to Shechem to his mother’s brothers, and communed with them, and with all the family of the house of his mother’s father, saying,
Joshua 16:6	And the border went out toward the sea to Michmethah on the north side; and the border went about eastward to Taanathshiloh, and passed by it on the east to Janohah;
Luke 9:41	And Jesus answering said, O faithless and perverse generation, how long shall I be with you, and suffer you? Bring your son here.
Proverbs 2:3	Yes, if you cry after knowledge, and lift up your voice for understanding;
Jeremiah 25:21	Edom, and Moab, and the children of Ammon,
Proverbs 16:2	All the ways of a man are clean in his own eyes; but the LORD weighs the spirits.
Isaiah 64:10	Your holy cities are a wilderness, Zion is a wilderness, Jerusalem a desolation.
Hebrews 13:22	And I beseech you, brothers, suffer the word of exhortation: for I have written a letter to you in few words.
Proverbs 24:34	So shall your poverty come as one that travels; and your want as an armed man.
Luke 3:18	And many other things in his exhortation preached he to the people.
Proverbs 3:20	By his knowledge the depths are broken up, and the clouds drop down the dew.
2 Samuel 24:4	Notwithstanding the king’s word prevailed against Joab, and against the captains of the host. And Joab and the captains of the host went out from the presence of the king, to number the people of Israel.
Nehemiah 10:4	Hattush, Shebaniah, Malluch,
John 4:43	Now after two days he departed there, and went into Galilee.
1 Peter 2:24	Who his own self bore our sins in his own body on the tree, that we, being dead to sins, should live to righteousness: by whose stripes you were healed.
Exodus 15:19	For the horse of Pharaoh went in with his chariots and with his horsemen into the sea, and the LORD brought again the waters of the sea on them; but the children of Israel went on dry land in the middle of the sea.
Proverbs 8:13	The fear of the LORD is to hate evil: pride, and arrogance, and the evil way, and the fraudulent mouth, do I hate.
Numbers 36:5	And Moses commanded the children of Israel according to the word of the LORD, saying, The tribe of the sons of Joseph has said well.
Romans 3:16	Destruction and misery are in their ways:
Matthew 11:10	For this is he, of whom it is written, Behold, I send my messenger before your face, which shall prepare your way before you.
Deuteronomy 28:24	The LORD shall make the rain of your land powder and dust: from heaven shall it come down on you, until you be destroyed.
Numbers 21:3	And the LORD listened to the voice of Israel, and delivered up the Canaanites; and they utterly destroyed them and their cities: and he called the name of the place Hormah.
Proverbs 23:21	For the drunkard and the glutton shall come to poverty: and drowsiness shall clothe a man with rags.
1 Kings 1:50	And Adonijah feared because of Solomon, and arose, and went, and caught hold on the horns of the altar.
Mark 7:34	And looking up to heaven, he sighed, and said to him, Ephphatha, that is, Be opened.
Romans 10:4	For Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to every one that believes.
Matthew 10:19	But when they deliver you up, take no thought how or what you shall speak: for it shall be given you in that same hour what you shall speak.
1 Corinthians 12:14	For the body is not one member, but many.
2 Chronicles 3:7	He overlaid also the house, the beams, the posts, and the walls thereof, and the doors thereof, with gold; and graved cherubim on the walls.
Genesis 41:54	And the seven years of dearth began to come, according as Joseph had said: and the dearth was in all lands; but in all the land of Egypt there was bread.
Psalm 18:1	I will love you, O LORD, my strength.
Exodus 22:7	If a man shall deliver to his neighbor money or stuff to keep, and it be stolen out of the man’s house; if the thief be found, let him pay double.
Isaiah 9:13	For the people turns not to him that smites them, neither do they seek the LORD of hosts.
Exodus 9:14	For I will at this time send all my plagues on your heart, and on your servants, and on your people; that you may know that there is none like me in all the earth.
Psalm 90:15	Make us glad according to the days wherein you have afflicted us, and the years wherein we have seen evil.
1 Samuel 17:56	And the king said, Inquire you whose son the stripling is.
Jeremiah 2:8	The priests said not, Where is the LORD? and they that handle the law knew me not: the pastors also transgressed against me, and the prophets prophesied by Baal, and walked after things that do not profit.
Hosea 9:13	Ephraim, as I saw Tyrus, is planted in a pleasant place: but Ephraim shall bring forth his children to the murderer.
Jeremiah 50:16	Cut off the sower from Babylon, and him that handles the sickle in the time of harvest: for fear of the oppressing sword they shall turn every one to his people, and they shall flee every one to his own land.
Acts 25:13	And after certain days king Agrippa and Bernice came to Caesarea to salute Festus.
Ezekiel 27:33	When your wares went forth out of the seas, you filled many people; you did enrich the kings of the earth with the multitude of your riches and of your merchandise.
Matthew 27:33	And when they were come to a place called Golgotha, that is to say, a place of a skull,
Genesis 9:2	And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be on every beast of the earth, and on every fowl of the air, on all that moves on the earth, and on all the fishes of the sea; into your hand are they delivered.
1 Kings 20:38	So the prophet departed, and waited for the king by the way, and disguised himself with ashes on his face.
1 Kings 1:39	And Zadok the priest took an horn of oil out of the tabernacle, and anointed Solomon. And they blew the trumpet; and all the people said, God save king Solomon.
Matthew 24:47	Truly I say to you, That he shall make him ruler over all his goods.
Isaiah 37:6	And Isaiah said to them, Thus shall you say to your master, Thus said the LORD, Be not afraid of the words that you have heard, with which the servants of the king of Assyria have blasphemed me.
Luke 24:12	Then arose Peter, and ran to the sepulcher; and stooping down, he beheld the linen clothes laid by themselves, and departed, wondering in himself at that which was come to pass.
2 Samuel 7:18	Then went king David in, and sat before the LORD, and he said, Who am I, O Lord GOD? and what is my house, that you have brought me till now?
1 Chronicles 26:6	Also to Shemaiah his son were sons born, that ruled throughout the house of their father: for they were mighty men of valor.
Psalm 63:9	But those that seek my soul, to destroy it, shall go into the lower parts of the earth.
Isaiah 42:17	They shall be turned back, they shall be greatly ashamed, that trust in graven images, that say to the molten images, You are our gods.
Exodus 20:2	I am the LORD your God, which have brought you out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage.
Ruth 1:18	When she saw that she was steadfastly minded to go with her, then she left speaking to her.
Judges 19:22	Now as they were making their hearts merry, behold, the men of the city, certain sons of Belial, beset the house round about, and beat at the door, and spoke to the master of the house, the old man, saying, Bring forth the man that came into your house, that we may know him.
Luke 6:23	Rejoice you in that day, and leap for joy: for, behold, your reward is great in heaven: for in the like manner did their fathers to the prophets.
Judges 1:7	And Adonibezek said, Three score and ten kings, having their thumbs and their great toes cut off, gathered their meat under my table: as I have done, so God has requited me. And they brought him to Jerusalem, and there he died.
Ephesians 5:16	Redeeming the time, because the days are evil.
Leviticus 15:24	And if any man lie with her at all, and her flowers be on him, he shall be unclean seven days; and all the bed where on he lies shall be unclean.
Genesis 9:24	And Noah awoke from his wine, and knew what his younger son had done to him.
Joshua 14:8	Nevertheless my brothers that went up with me made the heart of the people melt: but I wholly followed the LORD my God.
1 Kings 20:18	And he said, Whether they be come out for peace, take them alive; or whether they be come out for war, take them alive.
John 12:21	The same came therefore to Philip, which was of Bethsaida of Galilee, and desired him, saying, Sir, we would see Jesus.
Jonah 3:1	And the word of the LORD came to Jonah the second time, saying,
Deuteronomy 25:3	Forty stripes he may give him, and not exceed: lest, if he should exceed, and beat him above these with many stripes, then your brother should seem vile to you.
Isaiah 23:10	Pass through your land as a river, O daughter of Tarshish: there is no more strength.
John 4:5	Then comes he to a city of Samaria, which is called Sychar, near to the parcel of ground that Jacob gave to his son Joseph.
1 Thessalonians 5:7	For they that sleep sleep in the night; and they that be drunken are drunken in the night.
Isaiah 44:4	And they shall spring up as among the grass, as willows by the water courses.
Leviticus 7:22	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
1 Samuel 10:20	And when Samuel had caused all the tribes of Israel to come near, the tribe of Benjamin was taken.
Nehemiah 11:21	But the Nethinims dwelled in Ophel: and Ziha and Gispa were over the Nethinims.
Ezekiel 12:14	And I will scatter toward every wind all that are about him to help him, and all his bands; and I will draw out the sword after them.
Amos 4:10	I have sent among you the pestilence after the manner of Egypt: your young men have I slain with the sword, and have taken away your horses; and I have made the stink of your camps to come up to your nostrils: yet have you not returned to me, said the LORD.
Hebrews 10:10	By the which will we are sanctified through the offering of the body of Jesus Christ once for all.
Proverbs 4:21	Let them not depart from your eyes; keep them in the middle of your heart.
Psalm 121:2	My help comes from the LORD, which made heaven and earth.
Ezekiel 22:24	Son of man, say to her, You are the land that is not cleansed, nor rained on in the day of indignation.
Judges 20:29	And Israel set liers in wait round about Gibeah.
Acts 28:21	And they said to him, We neither received letters out of Judaea concerning you, neither any of the brothers that came showed or spoke any harm of you.
Isaiah 62:3	You shall also be a crown of glory in the hand of the LORD, and a royal diadem in the hand of your God.
Job 33:29	See, all these things works God oftentimes with man,
Deuteronomy 4:44	And this is the law which Moses set before the children of Israel:
Proverbs 17:7	Excellent speech becomes not a fool: much less do lying lips a prince.
Psalm 48:3	God is known in her palaces for a refuge.
Ezekiel 24:5	Take the choice of the flock, and burn also the bones under it, and make it boil well, and let them seethe the bones of it therein.
Psalm 20:6	Now know I that the LORD saves his anointed; he will hear him from his holy heaven with the saving strength of his right hand.
Job 4:4	Your words have upheld him that was falling, and you have strengthened the feeble knees.
Revelation 13:14	And deceives them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast; saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast, which had the wound by a sword, and did live.
Exodus 23:11	But the seventh year you shall let it rest and lie still; that the poor of your people may eat: and what they leave the beasts of the field shall eat. In like manner you shall deal with your vineyard, and with your olive grove.
Galatians 1:15	But when it pleased God, who separated me from my mother’s womb, and called me by his grace,
Isaiah 1:3	The ox knows his owner, and the ass his master’s crib: but Israel does not know, my people does not consider.
Numbers 31:17	Now therefore kill every male among the little ones, and kill every woman that has known man by lying with him.
Esther 7:4	For we are sold, I and my people, to be destroyed, to be slain, and to perish. But if we had been sold for slaves and bondwomen, I had held my tongue, although the enemy could not countervail the king’s damage.
Psalm 92:12	The righteous shall flourish like the palm tree: he shall grow like a cedar in Lebanon.
3 John 1:3	For I rejoiced greatly, when the brothers came and testified of the truth that is in you, even as you walk in the truth.
1 Chronicles 27:23	But David took not the number of them from twenty years old and under: because the LORD had said he would increase Israel like to the stars of the heavens.
1 Chronicles 15:6	Of the sons of Merari; Asaiah the chief, and his brothers two hundred and twenty:
2 Kings 14:6	But the children of the murderers he slew not: according to that which is written in the book of the law of Moses, wherein the LORD commanded, saying, The fathers shall not be put to death for the children, nor the children be put to death for the fathers; but every man shall be put to death for his own sin.
Exodus 30:26	And you shall anoint the tabernacle of the congregation therewith, and the ark of the testimony,
Ezekiel 45:19	And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering, and put it on the posts of the house, and on the four corners of the settle of the altar, and on the posts of the gate of the inner court.
Jeremiah 6:23	They shall lay hold on bow and spear; they are cruel, and have no mercy; their voice roars like the sea; and they ride on horses, set in array as men for war against you, O daughter of Zion.
Zechariah 9:3	And Tyrus did build herself a strong hold, and heaped up silver as the dust, and fine gold as the mire of the streets.
Jeremiah 49:32	And their camels shall be a booty, and the multitude of their cattle a spoil: and I will scatter into all winds them that are in the utmost corners; and I will bring their calamity from all sides thereof, said the LORD.
Nehemiah 5:4	There were also that said, We have borrowed money for the king’s tribute, and that on our lands and vineyards.
Isaiah 42:7	To open the blind eyes, to bring out the prisoners from the prison, and them that sit in darkness out of the prison house.
2 Corinthians 6:15	And what concord has Christ with Belial? or what part has he that believes with an infidel?
Acts 20:35	I have showed you all things, how that so laboring you ought to support the weak, and to remember the words of the Lord Jesus, how he said, It is more blessed to give than to receive.
Revelation 5:5	And one of the elders said to me, Weep not: behold, the Lion of the tribe of Juda, the Root of David, has prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof.
Luke 11:20	But if I with the finger of God cast out devils, no doubt the kingdom of God is come on you.
1 Samuel 14:31	And they smote the Philistines that day from Michmash to Aijalon: and the people were very faint.
Jeremiah 14:9	Why should you be as a man astonished, as a mighty man that cannot save? yet you, O LORD, are in the middle of us, and we are called by your name; leave us not.
Hebrews 8:7	For if that first covenant had been faultless, then should no place have been sought for the second.
Mark 6:9	But be shod with sandals; and not put on two coats.
Jeremiah 29:10	For thus said the LORD, That after seventy years be accomplished at Babylon I will visit you, and perform my good word toward you, in causing you to return to this place.
Leviticus 11:17	And the little owl, and the cormorant, and the great owl,
Ecclesiastes 3:20	All go to one place; all are of the dust, and all turn to dust again.
Psalm 83:1	Keep not you silence, O God: hold not your peace, and be not still, O God.
Exodus 24:1	And he said to Moses, Come up to the LORD, you, and Aaron, Nadab, and Abihu, and seventy of the elders of Israel; and worship you afar off.
Job 28:24	For he looks to the ends of the earth, and sees under the whole heaven;
Numbers 33:35	And they departed from Ebronah, and encamped at Eziongaber.
Luke 1:34	Then said Mary to the angel, How shall this be, seeing I know not a man?
Esther 6:14	And while they were yet talking with him, came the king’s chamberlains, and hurried to bring Haman to the banquet that Esther had prepared.
2 Chronicles 24:16	And they buried him in the city of David among the kings, because he had done good in Israel, both toward God, and toward his house.
2 Chronicles 5:14	So that the priests could not stand to minister by reason of the cloud: for the glory of the LORD had filled the house of God.
Joshua 13:7	Now therefore divide this land for an inheritance to the nine tribes, and the half tribe of Manasseh,
Numbers 11:20	But even a whole month, until it come out at your nostrils, and it be loathsome to you: because that you have despised the LORD which is among you, and have wept before him, saying, Why came we forth out of Egypt?
2 Samuel 5:18	The Philistines also came and spread themselves in the valley of Rephaim.
2 Kings 3:20	And it came to pass in the morning, when the meat offering was offered, that, behold, there came water by the way of Edom, and the country was filled with water.
Revelation 10:1	And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven, clothed with a cloud: and a rainbow was on his head, and his face was as it were the sun, and his feet as pillars of fire:
Exodus 22:21	You shall neither vex a stranger, nor oppress him: for you were strangers in the land of Egypt.
Romans 8:1	There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.
1 Chronicles 2:55	And the families of the scribes which dwelled at Jabez; the Tirathites, the Shimeathites, and Suchathites. These are the Kenites that came of Hemath, the father of the house of Rechab.
Deuteronomy 29:24	Even all nations shall say, Why has the LORD done thus to this land? what means the heat of this great anger?
Job 34:10	Therefore listen to me you men of understanding: far be it from God, that he should do wickedness; and from the Almighty, that he should commit iniquity.
Hosea 7:15	Though I have bound and strengthened their arms, yet do they imagine mischief against me.
Luke 3:7	Then said he to the multitude that came forth to be baptized of him, O generation of vipers, who has warned you to flee from the wrath to come?
Zechariah 9:13	When I have bent Judah for me, filled the bow with Ephraim, and raised up your sons, O Zion, against your sons, O Greece, and made you as the sword of a mighty man.
Isaiah 30:20	And though the Lord give you the bread of adversity, and the water of affliction, yet shall not your teachers be removed into a corner any more, but your eyes shall see your teachers:
Genesis 12:14	And it came to pass, that, when Abram was come into Egypt, the Egyptians beheld the woman that she was very fair.
Genesis 21:19	And God opened her eyes, and she saw a well of water; and she went, and filled the bottle with water, and gave the lad drink.
Exodus 12:51	And it came to pass the selfsame day, that the LORD did bring the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt by their armies.
Luke 12:28	If then God so clothe the grass, which is to day in the field, and to morrow is cast into the oven; how much more will he clothe you, O you of little faith?
Genesis 45:20	Also regard not your stuff; for the good of all the land of Egypt is yours.
2 Chronicles 20:17	You shall not need to fight in this battle: set yourselves, stand you still, and see the salvation of the LORD with you, O Judah and Jerusalem: fear not, nor be dismayed; to morrow go out against them: for the LORD will be with you.
Philippians 3:10	That I may know him, and the power of his resurrection, and the fellowship of his sufferings, being made conformable to his death;
2 Kings 21:20	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, as his father Manasseh did.
Matthew 12:39	But he answered and said to them, An evil and adulterous generation seeks after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:
Hebrews 2:13	And again, I will put my trust in him. And again, Behold I and the children which God has given me.
Leviticus 16:5	And he shall take of the congregation of the children of Israel two kids of the goats for a sin offering, and one ram for a burnt offering.
Genesis 36:22	And the children of Lotan were Hori and Hemam; and Lotan’s sister was Timna.
Psalm 84:10	For a day in your courts is better than a thousand. I had rather be a doorkeeper in the house of my God, than to dwell in the tents of wickedness.
Exodus 16:23	And he said to them, This is that which the LORD has said, To morrow is the rest of the holy sabbath to the LORD: bake that which you will bake to day, and seethe that you will seethe; and that which remains over lay up for you to be kept until the morning.
2 Kings 13:16	And he said to the king of Israel, Put your hand on the bow. And he put his hand on it: and Elisha put his hands on the king’s hands.
Luke 7:40	And Jesus answering said to him, Simon, I have somewhat to say to you. And he said, Master, say on.
Deuteronomy 8:3	And he humbled you, and suffered you to hunger, and fed you with manna, which you knew not, neither did your fathers know; that he might make you know that man does not live by bread only, but by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of the LORD does man live.
Isaiah 63:5	And I looked, and there was none to help; and I wondered that there was none to uphold: therefore my own arm brought salvation to me; and my fury, it upheld me.
1 Corinthians 4:11	Even to this present hour we both hunger, and thirst, and are naked, and are buffeted, and have no certain dwelling place;
Job 29:13	The blessing of him that was ready to perish came on me: and I caused the widow’s heart to sing for joy.
Galatians 5:1	Stand fast therefore in the liberty with which Christ has made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage.
Psalm 47:8	God reigns over the heathen: God sits on the throne of his holiness.
Job 42:3	Who is he that hides counsel without knowledge? therefore have I uttered that I understood not; things too wonderful for me, which I knew not.
Deuteronomy 28:22	The LORD shall smite you with a consumption, and with a fever, and with an inflammation, and with an extreme burning, and with the sword, and with blasting, and with mildew; and they shall pursue you until you perish.
Luke 6:38	Give, and it shall be given to you; good measure, pressed down, and shaken together, and running over, shall men give into your bosom. For with the same measure that you mete with it shall be measured to you again.
Acts 8:24	Then answered Simon, and said, Pray you to the LORD for me, that none of these things which you have spoken come on me.
Matthew 9:19	And Jesus arose, and followed him, and so did his disciples.
Judges 9:50	Then went Abimelech to Thebez, and encamped against Thebez, and took it.
Amos 1:1	The words of Amos, who was among the herdsmen of Tekoa, which he saw concerning Israel in the days of Uzziah king of Judah, and in the days of Jeroboam the son of Joash king of Israel, two years before the earthquake.
Deuteronomy 10:10	And I stayed in the mount, according to the first time, forty days and forty nights; and the LORD listened to me at that time also, and the LORD would not destroy you.
Proverbs 27:5	Open rebuke is better than secret love.
Joshua 6:10	And Joshua had commanded the people, saying, You shall not shout, nor make any noise with your voice, neither shall any word proceed out of your mouth, until the day I bid you shout; then shall you shout.
Acts 4:32	And the multitude of them that believed were of one heart and of one soul: neither said any of them that ought of the things which he possessed was his own; but they had all things common.
Jude 1:10	But these speak evil of those things which they know not: but what they know naturally, as brute beasts, in those things they corrupt themselves.
Leviticus 27:15	And if he that sanctified it will redeem his house, then he shall add the fifth part of the money of your estimation to it, and it shall be his.
Isaiah 60:13	The glory of Lebanon shall come to you, the fir tree, the pine tree, and the box together, to beautify the place of my sanctuary; and I will make the place of my feet glorious.
Matthew 20:13	But he answered one of them, and said, Friend, I do you no wrong: did not you agree with me for a penny?
Jeremiah 3:24	For shame has devoured the labor of our fathers from our youth; their flocks and their herds, their sons and their daughters.
1 Chronicles 23:22	And Eleazar died, and had no sons, but daughters: and their brothers the sons of Kish took them.
1 Chronicles 10:9	And when they had stripped him, they took his head, and his armor, and sent into the land of the Philistines round about, to carry tidings to their idols, and to the people.
2 Chronicles 24:7	For the sons of Athaliah, that wicked woman, had broken up the house of God; and also all the dedicated things of the house of the LORD did they bestow on Baalim.
1 Corinthians 7:24	Brothers, let every man, wherein he is called, therein abide with God.
Genesis 11:30	But Sarai was barren; she had no child.
Luke 5:19	And when they could not find by what way they might bring him in because of the multitude, they went on the housetop, and let him down through the tiling with his couch into the middle before Jesus.
Proverbs 7:3	Bind them on your fingers, write them on the table of your heart.
1 Chronicles 6:7	Meraioth begat Amariah, and Amariah begat Ahitub,
2 Kings 17:18	Therefore the LORD was very angry with Israel, and removed them out of his sight: there was none left but the tribe of Judah only.
Revelation 16:17	And the seventh angel poured out his vial into the air; and there came a great voice out of the temple of heaven, from the throne, saying, It is done.
Ezekiel 24:20	Then I answered them, The word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Job 36:5	Behold, God is mighty, and despises not any: he is mighty in strength and wisdom.
Exodus 12:31	And he called for Moses and Aaron by night, and said, Rise up, and get you forth from among my people, both you and the children of Israel; and go, serve the LORD, as you have said.
Psalm 68:1	Let God arise, let his enemies be scattered: let them also that hate him flee before him.
John 9:40	And some of the Pharisees which were with him heard these words, and said to him, Are we blind also?
Judges 18:10	When you go, you shall come to a people secure, and to a large land: for God has given it into your hands; a place where there is no want of any thing that is in the earth.
Ephesians 2:19	Now therefore you are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens with the saints, and of the household of God;
1 Corinthians 8:7	However, there is not in every man that knowledge: for some with conscience of the idol to this hour eat it as a thing offered to an idol; and their conscience being weak is defiled.
Jeremiah 4:31	For I have heard a voice as of a woman in travail, and the anguish as of her that brings forth her first child, the voice of the daughter of Zion, that mourns herself, that spreads her hands, saying, Woe is me now! for my soul is wearied because of murderers.
Psalm 84:12	O LORD of hosts, blessed is the man that trusts in you.
Leviticus 14:24	And the priest shall take the lamb of the trespass offering, and the log of oil, and the priest shall wave them for a wave offering before the LORD:
Ezekiel 1:17	When they went, they went on their four sides: and they turned not when they went.
Acts 22:14	And he said, The God of our fathers has chosen you, that you should know his will, and see that Just One, and should hear the voice of his mouth.
1 John 2:23	Whoever denies the Son, the same has not the Father: he that acknowledges the Son has the Father also.
2 Kings 25:14	And the pots, and the shovels, and the snuffers, and the spoons, and all the vessels of brass with which they ministered, took they away.
Nehemiah 11:26	And at Jeshua, and at Moladah, and at Bethphelet,
Numbers 29:26	And on the fifth day nine bullocks, two rams, and fourteen lambs of the first year without spot:
Judges 8:20	And he said to Jether his firstborn, Up, and slay them. But the youth drew not his sword: for he feared, because he was yet a youth.
Ezekiel 4:15	Then he said to me, See, I have given you cow’s dung for man’s dung, and you shall prepare your bread therewith.
Isaiah 40:29	He gives power to the faint; and to them that have no might he increases strength.
Matthew 23:3	All therefore whatever they bid you observe, that observe and do; but do not you after their works: for they say, and do not.
Nehemiah 4:18	For the builders, every one had his sword girded by his side, and so built. And he that sounded the trumpet was by me.
Numbers 30:5	But if her father disallow her in the day that he hears; not any of her vows, or of her bonds with which she has bound her soul, shall stand: and the LORD shall forgive her, because her father disallowed her.
Haggai 1:2	Thus speaks the LORD of hosts, saying, This people say, The time is not come, the time that the LORD’s house should be built.
Hebrews 13:21	Make you perfect in every good work to do his will, working in you that which is well pleasing in his sight, through Jesus Christ; to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.
2 Kings 19:29	And this shall be a sign to you, You shall eat this year such things as grow of themselves, and in the second year that which springs of the same; and in the third year sow you, and reap, and plant vineyards, and eat the fruits thereof.
1 Kings 22:14	And Micaiah said, As the LORD lives, what the LORD said to me, that will I speak.
Isaiah 63:8	For he said, Surely they are my people, children that will not lie: so he was their Savior.
Acts 2:8	And how hear we every man in our own tongue, wherein we were born?
1 Chronicles 9:13	And their brothers, heads of the house of their fathers, a thousand and seven hundred and three score; very able men for the work of the service of the house of God.
Colossians 2:13	And you, being dead in your sins and the uncircumcision of your flesh, has he quickened together with him, having forgiven you all trespasses;
Hebrews 12:26	Whose voice then shook the earth: but now he has promised, saying, Yet once more I shake not the earth only, but also heaven.
Isaiah 43:10	You are my witnesses, said the LORD, and my servant whom I have chosen: that you may know and believe me, and understand that I am he: before me there was no God formed, neither shall there be after me.
Matthew 13:33	Another parable spoke he to them; The kingdom of heaven is like to leaven, which a woman took, and hid in three measures of meal, till the whole was leavened.
Jeremiah 22:1	Thus said the LORD; Go down to the house of the king of Judah, and speak there this word,
Numbers 3:27	And of Kohath was the family of the Amramites, and the family of the Izeharites, and the family of the Hebronites, and the family of the Uzzielites: these are the families of the Kohathites.
Psalm 74:13	You did divide the sea by your strength: you brake the heads of the dragons in the waters.
Exodus 14:22	And the children of Israel went into the middle of the sea on the dry ground: and the waters were a wall to them on their right hand, and on their left.
Romans 1:21	Because that, when they knew God, they glorified him not as God, neither were thankful; but became vain in their imaginations, and their foolish heart was darkened.
Habakkuk 3:17	Although the fig tree shall not blossom, neither shall fruit be in the vines; the labor of the olive shall fail, and the fields shall yield no meat; the flock shall be cut off from the fold, and there shall be no herd in the stalls:
Psalm 93:1	The LORD reigns, he is clothed with majesty; the LORD is clothed with strength, with which he has girded himself: the world also is established, that it cannot be moved.
1 Kings 8:11	So that the priests could not stand to minister because of the cloud: for the glory of the LORD had filled the house of the LORD.
Deuteronomy 3:20	Until the LORD have given rest to your brothers, as well as to you, and until they also possess the land which the LORD your God has given them beyond Jordan: and then shall you return every man to his possession, which I have given you.
2 Chronicles 1:16	And Solomon had horses brought out of Egypt, and linen yarn: the king’s merchants received the linen yarn at a price.
Matthew 9:5	For whether is easier, to say, Your sins be forgiven you; or to say, Arise, and walk?
Ezekiel 2:7	And you shall speak my words to them, whether they will hear, or whether they will forbear: for they are most rebellious.
Numbers 3:24	And the chief of the house of the father of the Gershonites shall be Eliasaph the son of Lael.
Deuteronomy 8:1	All the commandments which I command you this day shall you observe to do, that you may live, and multiply, and go in and possess the land which the LORD swore to your fathers.
Psalm 69:14	Deliver me out of the mire, and let me not sink: let me be delivered from them that hate me, and out of the deep waters.
Mark 6:41	And when he had taken the five loaves and the two fishes, he looked up to heaven, and blessed, and broke the loaves, and gave them to his disciples to set before them; and the two fishes divided he among them all.
Ezekiel 23:20	For she doted on their paramours, whose flesh is as the flesh of asses, and whose issue is like the issue of horses.
2 Samuel 22:6	The sorrows of hell compassed me about; the snares of death prevented me;
Leviticus 2:11	No meat offering, which you shall bring to the LORD, shall be made with leaven: for you shall burn no leaven, nor any honey, in any offering of the LORD made by fire.
Romans 4:17	(As it is written, I have made you a father of many nations,) before him whom he believed, even God, who vivifies the dead, and calls those things which be not as though they were.
1 Kings 10:27	And the king made silver to be in Jerusalem as stones, and cedars made he to be as the sycomore trees that are in the vale, for abundance.
Nehemiah 8:8	So they read in the book in the law of God distinctly, and gave the sense, and caused them to understand the reading.
Psalm 147:11	The LORD takes pleasure in them that fear him, in those that hope in his mercy.
2 Samuel 1:14	And David said to him, How were you not afraid to stretch forth your hand to destroy the LORD’s anointed?
Luke 1:50	And his mercy is on them that fear him from generation to generation.
John 12:49	For I have not spoken of myself; but the Father which sent me, he gave me a commandment, what I should say, and what I should speak.
Leviticus 16:21	And Aaron shall lay both his hands on the head of the live goat, and confess over him all the iniquities of the children of Israel, and all their transgressions in all their sins, putting them on the head of the goat, and shall send him away by the hand of a fit man into the wilderness:
Jeremiah 29:28	For therefore he sent to us in Babylon, saying, This captivity is long: build you houses, and dwell in them; and plant gardens, and eat the fruit of them.
Genesis 32:21	So went the present over before him: and himself lodged that night in the company.
Deuteronomy 29:21	And the LORD shall separate him to evil out of all the tribes of Israel, according to all the curses of the covenant that are written in this book of the law:
Leviticus 10:16	And Moses diligently sought the goat of the sin offering, and, behold, it was burnt: and he was angry with Eleazar and Ithamar, the sons of Aaron which were left alive, saying,
Matthew 12:18	Behold my servant, whom I have chosen; my beloved, in whom my soul is well pleased: I will put my spirit on him, and he shall show judgment to the Gentiles.
1 Samuel 30:13	And David said to him, To whom belong you? and from where are you? And he said, I am a young man of Egypt, servant to an Amalekite; and my master left me, because three days ago I fell sick.
Numbers 8:17	For all the firstborn of the children of Israel are mine, both man and beast: on the day that I smote every firstborn in the land of Egypt I sanctified them for myself.
Malachi 3:18	Then shall you return, and discern between the righteous and the wicked, between him that serves God and him that serves him not.
Genesis 8:2	The fountains also of the deep and the windows of heaven were stopped, and the rain from heaven was restrained;
Exodus 35:28	And spice, and oil for the light, and for the anointing oil, and for the sweet incense.
2 Chronicles 17:11	Also some of the Philistines brought Jehoshaphat presents, and tribute silver; and the Arabians brought him flocks, seven thousand and seven hundred rams, and seven thousand and seven hundred he goats.
1 Corinthians 5:2	And you are puffed up, and have not rather mourned, that he that has done this deed might be taken away from among you.
Genesis 26:21	And they dig another well, and strove for that also: and he called the name of it Sitnah.
Daniel 10:15	And when he had spoken such words to me, I set my face toward the ground, and I became dumb.
Ezra 2:56	The children of Jaalah, the children of Darkon, the children of Giddel,
Colossians 3:8	But now you also put off all these; anger, wrath, malice, blasphemy, filthy communication out of your mouth.
1 Kings 11:36	And to his son will I give one tribe, that David my servant may have a light always before me in Jerusalem, the city which I have chosen me to put my name there.
1 Corinthians 9:3	My answer to them that do examine me is this,
Mark 8:26	And he sent him away to his house, saying, Neither go into the town, nor tell it to any in the town.
Romans 9:18	Therefore has he mercy on whom he will have mercy, and whom he will he hardens.
Philippians 3:16	Nevertheless, whereto we have already attained, let us walk by the same rule, let us mind the same thing.
Acts 8:14	Now when the apostles which were at Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent to them Peter and John:
Matthew 22:46	And no man was able to answer him a word, neither dared any man from that day forth ask him any more questions.
1 Chronicles 19:4	Why Hanun took David’s servants, and shaved them, and cut off their garments in the middle hard by their buttocks, and sent them away.
Matthew 14:24	But the ship was now in the middle of the sea, tossed with waves: for the wind was contrary.
Psalm 18:9	He bowed the heavens also, and came down: and darkness was under his feet.
1 Peter 1:15	But as he which has called you is holy, so be you holy in all manner of conversation;
1 Chronicles 11:35	Ahiam the son of Sacar the Hararite, Eliphal the son of Ur,
Job 42:15	And in all the land were no women found so fair as the daughters of Job: and their father gave them inheritance among their brothers.
1 Chronicles 21:9	And the LORD spoke to Gad, David’s seer, saying,
Mark 6:51	And he went up to them into the ship; and the wind ceased: and they were sore amazed in themselves beyond measure, and wondered.
Deuteronomy 9:27	Remember your servants, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob; look not to the stubbornness of this people, nor to their wickedness, nor to their sin:
2 Kings 22:7	However, there was no reckoning made with them of the money that was delivered into their hand, because they dealt faithfully.
Psalm 45:4	And in your majesty ride prosperously because of truth and meekness and righteousness; and your right hand shall teach you terrible things.
Exodus 22:31	And you shall be holy men to me: neither shall you eat any flesh that is torn of beasts in the field; you shall cast it to the dogs.
1 Chronicles 2:6	And the sons of Zerah; Zimri, and Ethan, and Heman, and Calcol, and Dara: five of them in all.
Joshua 6:8	And it came to pass, when Joshua had spoken to the people, that the seven priests bearing the seven trumpets of rams’ horns passed on before the LORD, and blew with the trumpets: and the ark of the covenant of the LORD followed them.
Jeremiah 2:2	Go and cry in the ears of Jerusalem, saying, Thus said the LORD; I remember you, the kindness of your youth, the love of your espousals, when you went after me in the wilderness, in a land that was not sown.
Job 41:23	The flakes of his flesh are joined together: they are firm in themselves; they cannot be moved.
1 Corinthians 11:26	For as often as you eat this bread, and drink this cup, you do show the Lord’s death till he come.
Psalm 139:22	I hate them with perfect hatred: I count them my enemies.
Luke 24:25	Then he said to them, O fools, and slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have spoken:
2 Kings 15:30	And Hoshea the son of Elah made a conspiracy against Pekah the son of Remaliah, and smote him, and slew him, and reigned in his stead, in the twentieth year of Jotham the son of Uzziah.
Numbers 6:14	And he shall offer his offering to the LORD, one he lamb of the first year without blemish for a burnt offering, and one ewe lamb of the first year without blemish for a sin offering, and one ram without blemish for peace offerings,
Job 13:5	O that you would altogether hold your peace! and it should be your wisdom.
Joshua 8:14	And it came to pass, when the king of Ai saw it, that they hurried and rose up early, and the men of the city went out against Israel to battle, he and all his people, at a time appointed, before the plain; but he knew not that there were liers in ambush against him behind the city.
Jeremiah 51:61	And Jeremiah said to Seraiah, When you come to Babylon, and shall see, and shall read all these words;
Jeremiah 44:28	Yet a small number that escape the sword shall return out of the land of Egypt into the land of Judah, and all the remnant of Judah, that are gone into the land of Egypt to sojourn there, shall know whose words shall stand, mine, or theirs.
Isaiah 40:14	With whom took he counsel, and who instructed him, and taught him in the path of judgment, and taught him knowledge, and showed to him the way of understanding?
Hosea 2:11	I will also cause all her mirth to cease, her feast days, her new moons, and her sabbaths, and all her solemn feasts.
Numbers 10:6	When you blow an alarm the second time, then the camps that lie on the south side shall take their journey: they shall blow an alarm for their journeys.
Job 29:21	To me men gave ear, and waited, and kept silence at my counsel.
1 Kings 6:25	And the other cherub was ten cubits: both the cherubim were of one measure and one size.
1 Chronicles 1:9	And the sons of Cush; Seba, and Havilah, and Sabta, and Raamah, and Sabtecha. And the sons of Raamah; Sheba, and Dedan.
John 10:24	Then came the Jews round about him, and said to him, How long do you make us to doubt? If you be the Christ, tell us plainly.
1 Kings 6:23	And within the oracle he made two cherubim of olive tree, each ten cubits high.
2 Chronicles 15:1	And the Spirit of God came on Azariah the son of Oded:
Leviticus 14:46	Moreover he that goes into the house all the while that it is shut up shall be unclean until the even.
Exodus 28:1	And take you to you Aaron your brother, and his sons with him, from among the children of Israel, that he may minister to me in the priest’s office, even Aaron, Nadab and Abihu, Eleazar and Ithamar, Aaron’s sons.
2 Kings 23:24	Moreover the workers with familiar spirits, and the wizards, and the images, and the idols, and all the abominations that were spied in the land of Judah and in Jerusalem, did Josiah put away, that he might perform the words of the law which were written in the book that Hilkiah the priest found in the house of the LORD.
John 3:27	John answered and said, A man can receive nothing, except it be given him from heaven.
Ezekiel 16:40	They shall also bring up a company against you, and they shall stone you with stones, and thrust you through with their swords.
1 Chronicles 28:4	However, the LORD God of Israel chose me before all the house of my father to be king over Israel for ever: for he has chosen Judah to be the ruler; and of the house of Judah, the house of my father; and among the sons of my father he liked me to make me king over all Israel:
Psalm 133:2	It is like the precious ointment on the head, that ran down on the beard, even Aaron’s beard: that went down to the skirts of his garments;
Daniel 6:11	Then these men assembled, and found Daniel praying and making supplication before his God.
Jeremiah 30:21	And their nobles shall be of themselves, and their governor shall proceed from the middle of them; and I will cause him to draw near, and he shall approach to me: for who is this that engaged his heart to approach to me? said the LORD.
Genesis 23:18	To Abraham for a possession in the presence of the children of Heth, before all that went in at the gate of his city.
Jeremiah 22:13	Woe to him that builds his house by unrighteousness, and his chambers by wrong; that uses his neighbor’s service without wages, and gives him not for his work;
1 Corinthians 9:7	Who goes a warfare any time at his own charges? who plants a vineyard, and eats not of the fruit thereof? or who feeds a flock, and eats not of the milk of the flock?
Joshua 23:8	But hold to the LORD your God, as you have done to this day.
Philippians 3:1	Finally, my brothers, rejoice in the Lord. To write the same things to you, to me indeed is not grievous, but for you it is safe.
1 Chronicles 7:31	And the sons of Beriah; Heber, and Malchiel, who is the father of Birzavith.
Joshua 2:13	And that you will save alive my father, and my mother, and my brothers, and my sisters, and all that they have, and deliver our lives from death.
Psalm 137:8	O daughter of Babylon, who are to be destroyed; happy shall he be, that rewards you as you have served us.
Ezra 8:13	And of the last sons of Adonikam, whose names are these, Eliphelet, Jeiel, and Shemaiah, and with them three score males.
Jeremiah 1:1	The words of Jeremiah the son of Hilkiah, of the priests that were in Anathoth in the land of Benjamin:
Deuteronomy 19:6	Lest the avenger of the blood pursue the slayer, while his heart is hot, and overtake him, because the way is long, and slay him; whereas he was not worthy of death, inasmuch as he hated him not in time past.
Jeremiah 49:39	But it shall come to pass in the latter days, that I will bring again the captivity of Elam, said the LORD.
Isaiah 5:26	And he will lift up an ensign to the nations from far, and will hiss to them from the end of the earth: and, behold, they shall come with speed swiftly:
1 Kings 11:43	And Solomon slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David his father: and Rehoboam his son reigned in his stead.
Mark 14:18	And as they sat and did eat, Jesus said, Truly I say to you, One of you which eats with me shall betray me.
Matthew 27:18	For he knew that for envy they had delivered him.
Genesis 49:16	Dan shall judge his people, as one of the tribes of Israel.
2 Chronicles 3:6	And he garnished the house with precious stones for beauty: and the gold was gold of Parvaim.
Luke 8:39	Return to your own house, and show how great things God has done to you. And he went his way, and published throughout the whole city how great things Jesus had done to him.
Acts 22:22	And they gave him audience to this word, and then lifted up their voices, and said, Away with such a fellow from the earth: for it is not fit that he should live.
Leviticus 1:14	And if the burnt sacrifice for his offering to the LORD be of fowls, then he shall bring his offering of turtledoves, or of young pigeons.
2 Samuel 14:20	To fetch about this form of speech has your servant Joab done this thing: and my lord is wise, according to the wisdom of an angel of God, to know all things that are in the earth.
Ezekiel 26:16	Then all the princes of the sea shall come down from their thrones, and lay away their robes, and put off their broidered garments: they shall clothe themselves with trembling; they shall sit on the ground, and shall tremble at every moment, and be astonished at you.
2 Chronicles 18:10	And Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah had made him horns of iron, and said, Thus said the LORD, With these you shall push Syria until they be consumed.
2 Kings 22:11	And it came to pass, when the king had heard the words of the book of the law, that he rent his clothes.
Judges 20:19	And the children of Israel rose up in the morning, and encamped against Gibeah.
Leviticus 18:26	You shall therefore keep my statutes and my judgments, and shall not commit any of these abominations; neither any of your own nation, nor any stranger that sojournes among you:
Nehemiah 3:30	After him repaired Hananiah the son of Shelemiah, and Hanun the sixth son of Zalaph, another piece. After him repaired Meshullam the son of Berechiah over against his chamber.
Psalm 78:11	And forgot his works, and his wonders that he had showed them.
Isaiah 64:3	When you did terrible things which we looked not for, you came down, the mountains flowed down at your presence.
Exodus 13:7	Unleavened bread shall be eaten seven days; and there shall no leavened bread be seen with you, neither shall there be leaven seen with you in all your quarters.
Isaiah 56:7	Even them will I bring to my holy mountain, and make them joyful in my house of prayer: their burnt offerings and their sacrifices shall be accepted on my altar; for my house shall be called an house of prayer for all people.
Numbers 13:31	But the men that went up with him said, We be not able to go up against the people; for they are stronger than we.
Mark 10:36	And he said to them, What would you that I should do for you?
Deuteronomy 17:17	Neither shall he multiply wives to himself, that his heart turn not away: neither shall he greatly multiply to himself silver and gold.
Ezra 6:16	And the children of Israel, the priests, and the Levites, and the rest of the children of the captivity, kept the dedication of this house of God with joy.
Exodus 8:12	And Moses and Aaron went out from Pharaoh: and Moses cried to the LORD because of the frogs which he had brought against Pharaoh.
1 Chronicles 7:18	And his sister Hammoleketh bore Ishod, and Abiezer, and Mahalah.
Deuteronomy 24:5	When a man has taken a new wife, he shall not go out to war, neither shall he be charged with any business: but he shall be free at home one year, and shall cheer up his wife which he has taken.
Isaiah 35:8	And an highway shall be there, and a way, and it shall be called The way of holiness; the unclean shall not pass over it; but it shall be for those: the wayfaring men, though fools, shall not err therein.
1 Samuel 20:22	But if I say thus to the young man, Behold, the arrows are beyond you; go your way: for the LORD has sent you away.
2 Chronicles 5:6	Also king Solomon, and all the congregation of Israel that were assembled to him before the ark, sacrificed sheep and oxen, which could not be told nor numbered for multitude.
Psalm 69:18	Draw near to my soul, and redeem it: deliver me because of my enemies.
Daniel 4:23	And whereas the king saw a watcher and an holy one coming down from heaven, and saying, Hew the tree down, and destroy it; yet leave the stump of the roots thereof in the earth, even with a band of iron and brass, in the tender grass of the field; and let it be wet with the dew of heaven, and let his portion be with the beasts of the field, till seven times pass over him;
Psalm 20:5	We will rejoice in your salvation, and in the name of our God we will set up our banners: the LORD fulfill all your petitions.
Job 5:6	Although affliction comes not forth of the dust, neither does trouble spring out of the ground;
1 Samuel 25:44	But Saul had given Michal his daughter, David’s wife, to Phalti the son of Laish, which was of Gallim.
Ezekiel 39:4	You shall fall on the mountains of Israel, you, and all your bands, and the people that is with you: I will give you to the ravenous birds of every sort, and to the beasts of the field to be devoured.
Job 30:25	Did not I weep for him that was in trouble? was not my soul grieved for the poor?
Ezekiel 4:16	Moreover he said to me, Son of man, behold, I will break the staff of bread in Jerusalem: and they shall eat bread by weight, and with care; and they shall drink water by measure, and with astonishment:
1 Corinthians 15:23	But every man in his own order: Christ the first fruits; afterward they that are Christ’s at his coming.
Job 11:6	And that he would show you the secrets of wisdom, that they are double to that which is! Know therefore that God exacts of you less than your iniquity deserves.
2 Samuel 16:19	And again, whom should I serve? should I not serve in the presence of his son? as I have served in your father’s presence, so will I be in your presence.
Lamentations 3:46	All our enemies have opened their mouths against us.
Nehemiah 9:24	So the children went in and possessed the land, and you subdued before them the inhabitants of the land, the Canaanites, and gave them into their hands, with their kings, and the people of the land, that they might do with them as they would.
Joshua 20:3	That the slayer that kills any person unawares and unwittingly may flee thither: and they shall be your refuge from the avenger of blood.
John 9:9	Some said, This is he: others said, He is like him: but he said, I am he.
Isaiah 63:3	I have trodden the wine press alone; and of the people there was none with me: for I will tread them in my anger, and trample them in my fury; and their blood shall be sprinkled on my garments, and I will stain all my raiment.
1 Chronicles 12:27	And Jehoiada was the leader of the Aaronites, and with him were three thousand and seven hundred;
Proverbs 25:28	He that has no rule over his own spirit is like a city that is broken down, and without walls.
2 Samuel 23:7	But the man that shall touch them must be fenced with iron and the staff of a spear; and they shall be utterly burned with fire in the same place.
Exodus 38:19	And their pillars were four, and their sockets of brass four; their hooks of silver, and the overlaying of their capitals and their fillets of silver.
Ezekiel 36:16	Moreover the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Daniel 3:19	Then was Nebuchadnezzar full of fury, and the form of his visage was changed against Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego: therefore he spoke, and commanded that they should heat the furnace one seven times more than it was wont to be heated.
Hosea 2:5	For their mother has played the harlot: she that conceived them has done shamefully: for she said, I will go after my lovers, that give me my bread and my water, my wool and my flax, my oil and my drink.
1 Chronicles 7:21	And Zabad his son, and Shuthelah his son, and Ezer, and Elead, whom the men of Gath that were born in that land slew, because they came down to take away their cattle.
Isaiah 5:25	Therefore is the anger of the LORD kindled against his people, and he has stretched forth his hand against them, and has smitten them: and the hills did tremble, and their carcasses were torn in the middle of the streets. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still.
Mark 2:14	And as he passed by, he saw Levi the son of Alphaeus sitting at the receipt of custom, and said to him, Follow me. And he arose and followed him.
Numbers 33:40	And king Arad the Canaanite, which dwelled in the south in the land of Canaan, heard of the coming of the children of Israel.
Job 16:22	When a few years are come, then I shall go the way from where I shall not return.
Jeremiah 51:60	So Jeremiah wrote in a book all the evil that should come on Babylon, even all these words that are written against Babylon.
1 John 4:20	If a man say, I love God, and hates his brother, he is a liar: for he that loves not his brother whom he has seen, how can he love God whom he has not seen?
Joshua 22:9	And the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh returned, and departed from the children of Israel out of Shiloh, which is in the land of Canaan, to go to the country of Gilead, to the land of their possession, whereof they were possessed, according to the word of the LORD by the hand of Moses.
2 Peter 2:19	While they promise them liberty, they themselves are the servants of corruption: for of whom a man is overcome, of the same is he brought in bondage.
1 Samuel 10:15	And Saul’s uncle said, Tell me, I pray you, what Samuel said to you.
Hebrews 9:23	It was therefore necessary that the patterns of things in the heavens should be purified with these; but the heavenly things themselves with better sacrifices than these.
Nahum 2:3	The shield of his mighty men is made red, the valiant men are in scarlet: the chariots shall be with flaming torches in the day of his preparation, and the fir trees shall be terribly shaken.
Job 26:8	He binds up the waters in his thick clouds; and the cloud is not rent under them.
Revelation 21:12	And had a wall great and high, and had twelve gates, and at the gates twelve angels, and names written thereon, which are the names of the twelve tribes of the children of Israel:
Job 5:16	So the poor has hope, and iniquity stops her mouth.
Genesis 24:60	And they blessed Rebekah, and said to her, You are our sister, be you the mother of thousands of millions, and let your seed possess the gate of those which hate them.
Ezekiel 47:2	Then brought he me out of the way of the gate northward, and led me about the way without to the utter gate by the way that looks eastward; and, behold, there ran out waters on the right side.
Jeremiah 40:6	Then went Jeremiah to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam to Mizpah; and dwelled with him among the people that were left in the land.
John 1:28	These things were done in Bethabara beyond Jordan, where John was baptizing.
Job 39:27	Does the eagle mount up at your command, and make her nest on high?
Genesis 21:29	And Abimelech said to Abraham, What mean these seven ewe lambs which you have set by themselves?
Isaiah 2:12	For the day of the LORD of hosts shall be on every one that is proud and lofty, and on every one that is lifted up; and he shall be brought low:
Genesis 3:4	And the serpent said to the woman, You shall not surely die:
Isaiah 24:17	Fear, and the pit, and the snare, are on you, O inhabitant of the earth.
Matthew 4:6	And said to him, If you be the Son of God, cast yourself down: for it is written, He shall give his angels charge concerning you: and in their hands they shall bear you up, lest at any time you dash your foot against a stone.
Ezekiel 23:30	I will do these things to you, because you have gone a whoring after the heathen, and because you are polluted with their idols.
2 Samuel 15:18	And all his servants passed on beside him; and all the Cherethites, and all the Pelethites, and all the Gittites, six hundred men which came after him from Gath, passed on before the king.
Acts 12:11	And when Peter was come to himself, he said, Now I know of a surety, that the LORD has sent his angel, and has delivered me out of the hand of Herod, and from all the expectation of the people of the Jews.
Nehemiah 3:10	And next to them repaired Jedaiah the son of Harumaph, even over against his house. And next to him repaired Hattush the son of Hashabniah.
Acts 20:36	And when he had thus spoken, he kneeled down, and prayed with them all.
Job 22:29	When men are cast down, then you shall say, There is lifting up; and he shall save the humble person.
2 Samuel 24:3	And Joab said to the king, Now the LORD your God add to the people, how many soever they be, an hundred times, and that the eyes of my lord the king may see it: but why does my lord the king delight in this thing?
Matthew 13:40	As therefore the tares are gathered and burned in the fire; so shall it be in the end of this world.
Numbers 21:14	Why it is said in the book of the wars of the LORD, What he did in the Red sea, and in the brooks of Arnon,
Mark 4:7	And some fell among thorns, and the thorns grew up, and choked it, and it yielded no fruit.
Job 10:18	Why then have you brought me forth out of the womb? Oh that I had given up the ghost, and no eye had seen me!
Joshua 17:3	But Zelophehad, the son of Hepher, the son of Gilead, the son of Machir, the son of Manasseh, had no sons, but daughters: and these are the names of his daughters, Mahlah, and Noah, Hoglah, Milcah, and Tirzah.
Genesis 11:31	And Terah took Abram his son, and Lot the son of Haran his son’s son, and Sarai his daughter in law, his son Abram’s wife; and they went forth with them from Ur of the Chaldees, to go into the land of Canaan; and they came to Haran, and dwelled there.
1 Kings 1:29	And the king swore, and said, As the LORD lives, that has redeemed my soul out of all distress,
Deuteronomy 13:4	You shall walk after the LORD your God, and fear him, and keep his commandments, and obey his voice, and you shall serve him, and join to him.
1 Kings 12:33	So he offered on the altar which he had made in Bethel the fifteenth day of the eighth month, even in the month which he had devised of his own heart; and ordained a feast to the children of Israel: and he offered on the altar, and burnt incense.
Zephaniah 2:11	The LORD will be terrible to them: for he will famish all the gods of the earth; and men shall worship him, every one from his place, even all the isles of the heathen.
Numbers 8:13	And you shall set the Levites before Aaron, and before his sons, and offer them for an offering to the LORD.
1 Chronicles 29:3	Moreover, because I have set my affection to the house of my God, I have of my own proper good, of gold and silver, which I have given to the house of my God, over and above all that I have prepared for the holy house.
Numbers 14:3	And why has the LORD brought us to this land, to fall by the sword, that our wives and our children should be a prey? were it not better for us to return into Egypt?
Matthew 27:21	The governor answered and said to them, Whether of the two will you that I release to you? They said, Barabbas.
2 Samuel 19:14	And he bowed the heart of all the men of Judah, even as the heart of one man; so that they sent this word to the king, Return you, and all your servants.
Genesis 22:7	And Isaac spoke to Abraham his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here am I, my son. And he said, Behold the fire and the wood: but where is the lamb for a burnt offering?
1 Samuel 20:33	And Saul cast a javelin at him to smite him: whereby Jonathan knew that it was determined of his father to slay David.
1 Chronicles 26:15	To Obededom southward; and to his sons the house of Asuppim.
2 Chronicles 15:13	That whoever would not seek the LORD God of Israel should be put to death, whether small or great, whether man or woman.
Proverbs 16:15	In the light of the king’s countenance is life; and his favor is as a cloud of the latter rain.
Isaiah 32:4	The heart also of the rash shall understand knowledge, and the tongue of the stammerers shall be ready to speak plainly.
John 15:10	If you keep my commandments, you shall abide in my love; even as I have kept my Father’s commandments, and abide in his love.
Leviticus 15:32	This is the law of him that has an issue, and of him whose seed goes from him, and is defiled therewith;
Psalm 90:12	So teach us to number our days, that we may apply our hearts to wisdom.
Isaiah 32:18	And my people shall dwell in a peaceable habitation, and in sure dwellings, and in quiet resting places;
Matthew 21:13	And said to them, It is written, My house shall be called the house of prayer; but you have made it a den of thieves.
Joel 2:9	They shall run to and fro in the city; they shall run on the wall, they shall climb up on the houses; they shall enter in at the windows like a thief.
Mark 5:24	And Jesus went with him; and much people followed him, and thronged him.
Acts 4:22	For the man was above forty years old, on whom this miracle of healing was showed.
Leviticus 11:39	And if any beast, of which you may eat, die; he that touches the carcass thereof shall be unclean until the even.
Exodus 19:6	And you shall be to me a kingdom of priests, and an holy nation. These are the words which you shall speak to the children of Israel.
Isaiah 49:24	Shall the prey be taken from the mighty, or the lawful captive delivered?
1 Timothy 4:16	Take heed to yourself, and to the doctrine; continue in them: for in doing this you shall both save yourself, and them that hear you.
Nehemiah 11:22	The overseer also of the Levites at Jerusalem was Uzzi the son of Bani, the son of Hashabiah, the son of Mattaniah, the son of Micha. Of the sons of Asaph, the singers were over the business of the house of God.
Ezekiel 8:5	Then said he to me, Son of man, lift up your eyes now the way toward the north. So I lifted up my eyes the way toward the north, and behold northward at the gate of the altar this image of jealousy in the entry.
Malachi 3:15	And now we call the proud happy; yes, they that work wickedness are set up; yes, they that tempt God are even delivered.
Matthew 24:49	And shall begin to smite his fellow servants, and to eat and drink with the drunken;
Jeremiah 14:2	Judah mourns, and the gates thereof languish; they are black to the ground; and the cry of Jerusalem is gone up.
Titus 1:12	One of themselves, even a prophet of their own, said, The Cretians are always liars, evil beasts, slow bellies.
Isaiah 17:14	And behold at evening trouble; and before the morning he is not. This is the portion of them that spoil us, and the lot of them that rob us.
Psalm 49:3	My mouth shall speak of wisdom; and the meditation of my heart shall be of understanding.
Ezekiel 16:28	You have played the whore also with the Assyrians, because you were insatiable; yes, you have played the harlot with them, and yet could not be satisfied.
Proverbs 2:2	So that you incline your ear to wisdom, and apply your heart to understanding;
Joshua 12:7	And these are the kings of the country which Joshua and the children of Israel smote on this side Jordan on the west, from Baalgad in the valley of Lebanon even to the mount Halak, that goes up to Seir; which Joshua gave to the tribes of Israel for a possession according to their divisions;
Genesis 3:12	And the man said, The woman whom you gave to be with me, she gave me of the tree, and I did eat.
Exodus 38:2	And he made the horns thereof on the four corners of it; the horns thereof were of the same: and he overlaid it with brass.
Ezra 4:12	Be it known to the king, that the Jews which came up from you to us are come to Jerusalem, building the rebellious and the bad city, and have set up the walls thereof, and joined the foundations.
Isaiah 40:1	Comfort you, comfort you my people, said your God.
2 Chronicles 20:30	So the realm of Jehoshaphat was quiet: for his God gave him rest round about.
Psalm 98:4	Make a joyful noise to the LORD, all the earth: make a loud noise, and rejoice, and sing praise.
Song of Solomon 8:6	Set me as a seal on your heart, as a seal on your arm: for love is strong as death; jealousy is cruel as the grave: the coals thereof are coals of fire, which has a most vehement flame.
Job 13:17	Hear diligently my speech, and my declaration with your ears.
Numbers 7:28	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
1 Corinthians 5:12	For what have I to do to judge them also that are without? do not you judge them that are within?
Hosea 10:6	It shall be also carried to Assyria for a present to king Jareb: Ephraim shall receive shame, and Israel shall be ashamed of his own counsel.
Nehemiah 10:32	Also we made ordinances for us, to charge ourselves yearly with the third part of a shekel for the service of the house of our God;
Isaiah 21:6	For thus has the LORD said to me, Go, set a watchman, let him declare what he sees.
Isaiah 52:13	Behold, my servant shall deal prudently, he shall be exalted and extolled, and be very high.
1 Kings 4:18	Shimei the son of Elah, in Benjamin:
John 8:3	And the scribes and Pharisees brought to him a woman taken in adultery; and when they had set her in the middle,
Amos 8:12	And they shall wander from sea to sea, and from the north even to the east, they shall run to and fro to seek the word of the LORD, and shall not find it.
Ezekiel 6:8	Yet will I leave a remnant, that you may have some that shall escape the sword among the nations, when you shall be scattered through the countries.
1 Corinthians 16:1	Now concerning the collection for the saints, as I have given order to the churches of Galatia, even so do you.
Numbers 7:42	On the sixth day Eliasaph the son of Deuel, prince of the children of Gad, offered:
Genesis 11:18	And Peleg lived thirty years, and begat Reu:
Ecclesiastes 6:6	Yes, though he live a thousand years twice told, yet has he seen no good: do not all go to one place?
Jeremiah 25:38	He has forsaken his covert, as the lion: for their land is desolate because of the fierceness of the oppressor, and because of his fierce anger.
Exodus 16:20	Notwithstanding they listened not to Moses; but some of them left of it until the morning, and it bred worms, and stank: and Moses was wroth with them.
John 8:50	And I seek not my own glory: there is one that seeks and judges.
1 John 4:7	Beloved, let us love one another: for love is of God; and every one that loves is born of God, and knows God.
2 Timothy 2:17	And their word will eat as does a canker: of whom is Hymenaeus and Philetus;
Deuteronomy 18:3	And this shall be the priest’s due from the people, from them that offer a sacrifice, whether it be ox or sheep; and they shall give to the priest the shoulder, and the two cheeks, and the maw.
Leviticus 10:11	And that you may teach the children of Israel all the statutes which the LORD has spoken to them by the hand of Moses.
Psalm 78:1	Give ear, O my people, to my law: incline your ears to the words of my mouth.
Esther 9:14	And the king commanded it so to be done: and the decree was given at Shushan; and they hanged Haman’s ten sons.
Isaiah 60:11	Therefore your gates shall be open continually; they shall not be shut day nor night; that men may bring to you the forces of the Gentiles, and that their kings may be brought.
Leviticus 17:15	And every soul that eats that which died of itself, or that which was torn with beasts, whether it be one of your own country, or a stranger, he shall both wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even: then shall he be clean.
2 Corinthians 11:18	Seeing that many glory after the flesh, I will glory also.
Joel 2:17	Let the priests, the ministers of the LORD, weep between the porch and the altar, and let them say, Spare your people, O LORD, and give not your heritage to reproach, that the heathen should rule over them: why should they say among the people, Where is their God?
Isaiah 66:13	As one whom his mother comforts, so will I comfort you; and you shall be comforted in Jerusalem.
James 4:1	From where come wars and fights among you? come they not hence, even of your lusts that war in your members?
Ezekiel 20:20	And hallow my sabbaths; and they shall be a sign between me and you, that you may know that I am the LORD your God.
John 2:3	And when they wanted wine, the mother of Jesus said to him, They have no wine.
Proverbs 5:7	Hear me now therefore, O you children, and depart not from the words of my mouth.
2 Kings 16:3	But he walked in the way of the kings of Israel, yes, and made his son to pass through the fire, according to the abominations of the heathen, whom the LORD cast out from before the children of Israel.
1 Kings 1:33	The king also said to them, Take with you the servants of your lord, and cause Solomon my son to ride on my own mule, and bring him down to Gihon:
Jeremiah 48:32	O vine of Sibmah, I will weep for you with the weeping of Jazer: your plants are gone over the sea, they reach even to the sea of Jazer: the spoiler is fallen on your summer fruits and on your vintage.
Psalm 81:3	Blow up the trumpet in the new moon, in the time appointed, on our solemn feast day.
Genesis 23:15	My lord, listen to me: the land is worth four hundred shekels of silver; what is that between me and you? bury therefore your dead.
Exodus 29:40	And with the one lamb a tenth deal of flour mingled with the fourth part of an hin of beaten oil; and the fourth part of an hin of wine for a drink offering.
Isaiah 22:24	And they shall hang on him all the glory of his father’s house, the offspring and the issue, all vessels of small quantity, from the vessels of cups, even to all the vessels of flagons.
Luke 4:25	But I tell you of a truth, many widows were in Israel in the days of Elias, when the heaven was shut up three years and six months, when great famine was throughout all the land;
Jeremiah 49:13	For I have sworn by myself, said the LORD, that Bozrah shall become a desolation, a reproach, a waste, and a curse; and all the cities thereof shall be perpetual wastes.
Psalm 101:8	I will early destroy all the wicked of the land; that I may cut off all wicked doers from the city of the LORD.
Proverbs 11:30	The fruit of the righteous is a tree of life; and he that wins souls is wise.
Numbers 15:15	One ordinance shall be both for you of the congregation, and also for the stranger that sojournes with you, an ordinance for ever in your generations: as you are, so shall the stranger be before the LORD.
2 Kings 9:3	Then take the box of oil, and pour it on his head, and say, Thus said the LORD, I have anointed you king over Israel. Then open the door, and flee, and tarry not.
2 Corinthians 2:7	So that contrariwise you ought rather to forgive him, and comfort him, lest perhaps such a one should be swallowed up with overmuch sorrow.
Mark 15:42	And now when the even was come, because it was the preparation, that is, the day before the sabbath,
Job 20:9	The eye also which saw him shall see him no more; neither shall his place any more behold him.
Isaiah 29:14	Therefore, behold, I will proceed to do a marvelous work among this people, even a marvelous work and a wonder: for the wisdom of their wise men shall perish, and the understanding of their prudent men shall be hid.
Psalm 86:16	O turn to me, and have mercy on me; give your strength to your servant, and save the son of your handmaid.
Daniel 3:1	Nebuchadnezzar the king made an image of gold, whose height was three score cubits, and the breadth thereof six cubits: he set it up in the plain of Dura, in the province of Babylon.
Ezekiel 8:11	And there stood before them seventy men of the ancients of the house of Israel, and in the middle of them stood Jaazaniah the son of Shaphan, with every man his censer in his hand; and a thick cloud of incense went up.
Esther 7:10	So they hanged Haman on the gallows that he had prepared for Mordecai. Then was the king’s wrath pacified.
James 2:24	You see then how that by works a man is justified, and not by faith only.
John 7:35	Then said the Jews among themselves, Where will he go, that we shall not find him? will he go to the dispersed among the Gentiles, and teach the Gentiles?
Job 16:2	I have heard many such things: miserable comforters are you all.
Mark 14:10	And Judas Iscariot, one of the twelve, went to the chief priests, to betray him to them.
Job 7:12	Am I a sea, or a whale, that you set a watch over me?
1 Samuel 2:24	No, my sons; for it is no good report that I hear: you make the LORD’s people to transgress.
Job 38:40	When they couch in their dens, and abide in the covert to lie in wait?
Job 42:12	So the LORD blessed the latter end of Job more than his beginning: for he had fourteen thousand sheep, and six thousand camels, and a thousand yoke of oxen, and a thousand she asses.
Zephaniah 3:6	I have cut off the nations: their towers are desolate; I made their streets waste, that none passes by: their cities are destroyed, so that there is no man, that there is none inhabitant.
Deuteronomy 31:27	For I know your rebellion, and your stiff neck: behold, while I am yet alive with you this day, you have been rebellious against the LORD; and how much more after my death?
Exodus 19:22	And let the priests also, which come near to the LORD, sanctify themselves, lest the LORD break forth on them.
1 Kings 8:50	And forgive your people that have sinned against you, and all their transgressions wherein they have transgressed against you, and give them compassion before them who carried them captive, that they may have compassion on them:
Matthew 26:62	And the high priest arose, and said to him, Answer you nothing? what is it which these witness against you?
Genesis 21:10	Why she said to Abraham, Cast out this female slave and her son: for the son of this female slave shall not be heir with my son, even with Isaac.
Proverbs 28:20	A faithful man shall abound with blessings: but he that makes haste to be rich shall not be innocent.
Song of Solomon 4:15	A fountain of gardens, a well of living waters, and streams from Lebanon.
Deuteronomy 28:14	And you shall not go aside from any of the words which I command you this day, to the right hand, or to the left, to go after other gods to serve them.
Esther 2:22	And the thing was known to Mordecai, who told it to Esther the queen; and Esther certified the king thereof in Mordecai’s name.
2 Chronicles 36:16	But they mocked the messengers of God, and despised his words, and misused his prophets, until the wrath of the LORD arose against his people, till there was no remedy.
Judges 3:22	And the haft also went in after the blade; and the fat closed on the blade, so that he could not draw the dagger out of his belly; and the dirt came out.
John 11:4	When Jesus heard that, he said, This sickness is not to death, but for the glory of God, that the Son of God might be glorified thereby.
Isaiah 50:4	The Lord GOD has given me the tongue of the learned, that I should know how to speak a word in season to him that is weary: he wakens morning by morning, he wakens my ear to hear as the learned.
Job 37:4	After it a voice roars: he thunders with the voice of his excellency; and he will not stay them when his voice is heard.
2 Samuel 24:22	And Araunah said to David, Let my lord the king take and offer up what seems good to him: behold, here be oxen for burnt sacrifice, and threshing instruments and other instruments of the oxen for wood.
2 Samuel 11:14	And it came to pass in the morning, that David wrote a letter to Joab, and sent it by the hand of Uriah.
Luke 1:27	To a virgin espoused to a man whose name was Joseph, of the house of David; and the virgin’s name was Mary.
Psalm 33:16	There is no king saved by the multitude of an host: a mighty man is not delivered by much strength.
Numbers 30:11	And her husband heard it, and held his peace at her, and disallowed her not: then all her vows shall stand, and every bond with which she bound her soul shall stand.
Isaiah 33:22	For the LORD is our judge, the LORD is our lawgiver, the LORD is our king; he will save us.
2 Kings 18:37	Then came Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, which was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah the son of Asaph the recorder, to Hezekiah with their clothes rent, and told him the words of Rabshakeh.
Psalm 49:14	Like sheep they are laid in the grave; death shall feed on them; and the upright shall have dominion over them in the morning; and their beauty shall consume in the grave from their dwelling.
2 Kings 15:16	Then Menahem smote Tiphsah, and all that were therein, and the coasts thereof from Tirzah: because they opened not to him, therefore he smote it; and all the women therein that were with child he ripped up.
Isaiah 28:29	This also comes forth from the LORD of hosts, which is wonderful in counsel, and excellent in working.
Ephesians 5:3	But fornication, and all uncleanness, or covetousness, let it not be once named among you, as becomes saints;
Genesis 44:4	And when they were gone out of the city, and not yet far off, Joseph said to his steward, Up, follow after the men; and when you do overtake them, say to them, Why have you rewarded evil for good?
1 John 3:6	Whoever stays in him sins not: whoever sins has not seen him, neither known him.
Judges 1:9	And afterward the children of Judah went down to fight against the Canaanites, that dwelled in the mountain, and in the south, and in the valley.
2 Corinthians 6:7	By the word of truth, by the power of God, by the armor of righteousness on the right hand and on the left,
Proverbs 28:3	A poor man that oppresses the poor is like a sweeping rain which leaves no food.
Daniel 6:27	He delivers and rescues, and he works signs and wonders in heaven and in earth, who has delivered Daniel from the power of the lions.
Esther 9:24	Because Haman the son of Hammedatha, the Agagite, the enemy of all the Jews, had devised against the Jews to destroy them, and had cast Pur, that is, the lot, to consume them, and to destroy them;
Proverbs 19:20	Hear counsel, and receive instruction, that you may be wise in your latter end.
Psalm 80:7	Turn us again, O God of hosts, and cause your face to shine; and we shall be saved.
Psalm 34:17	The righteous cry, and the LORD hears, and delivers them out of all their troubles.
1 Samuel 30:22	Then answered all the wicked men and men of Belial, of those that went with David, and said, Because they went not with us, we will not give them ought of the spoil that we have recovered, save to every man his wife and his children, that they may lead them away, and depart.
Philippians 1:15	Some indeed preach Christ even of envy and strife; and some also of good will:
Numbers 2:26	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were three score and two thousand and seven hundred.
Job 30:4	Who cut up mallows by the bushes, and juniper roots for their meat.
Ezekiel 16:25	You have built your high place at every head of the way, and have made your beauty to be abhorred, and have opened your feet to every one that passed by, and multiplied your prostitutions.
1 Kings 2:21	And she said, Let Abishag the Shunammite be given to Adonijah your brother to wife.
Mark 1:43	And he straightly charged him, and immediately sent him away;
Matthew 8:25	And his disciples came to him, and awoke him, saying, Lord, save us: we perish.
Matthew 15:25	Then came she and worshipped him, saying, Lord, help me.
John 6:1	After these things Jesus went over the sea of Galilee, which is the sea of Tiberias.
Leviticus 19:27	You shall not round the corners of your heads, neither shall you mar the corners of your beard.
Romans 8:21	Because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God.
Numbers 18:31	And you shall eat it in every place, you and your households: for it is your reward for your service in the tabernacle of the congregation.
Genesis 36:7	For their riches were more than that they might dwell together; and the land wherein they were strangers could not bear them because of their cattle.
Job 33:22	Yes, his soul draws near to the grave, and his life to the destroyers.
1 Timothy 2:2	For kings, and for all that are in authority; that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty.
Numbers 17:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Zechariah 14:4	And his feet shall stand in that day on the mount of Olives, which is before Jerusalem on the east, and the mount of Olives shall split in the middle thereof toward the east and toward the west, and there shall be a very great valley; and half of the mountain shall remove toward the north, and half of it toward the south.
Leviticus 20:27	A man also or woman that has a familiar spirit, or that is a wizard, shall surely be put to death: they shall stone them with stones: their blood shall be on them.
Isaiah 35:9	No lion shall be there, nor any ravenous beast shall go up thereon, it shall not be found there; but the redeemed shall walk there:
Hebrews 13:8	Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.
Job 2:8	And he took him a potsherd to scrape himself with; and he sat down among the ashes.
Ezra 6:20	For the priests and the Levites were purified together, all of them were pure, and killed the passover for all the children of the captivity, and for their brothers the priests, and for themselves.
2 Kings 15:7	So Azariah slept with his fathers; and they buried him with his fathers in the city of David: and Jotham his son reigned in his stead.
Judges 14:15	And it came to pass on the seventh day, that they said to Samson’s wife, Entice your husband, that he may declare to us the riddle, lest we burn you and your father’s house with fire: have you called us to take that we have? is it not so?
Proverbs 18:16	A man’s gift makes room for him, and brings him before great men.
Jeremiah 31:14	And I will satiate the soul of the priests with fatness, and my people shall be satisfied with my goodness, said the LORD.
Judges 6:8	That the LORD sent a prophet to the children of Israel, which said to them, Thus said the LORD God of Israel, I brought you up from Egypt, and brought you forth out of the house of bondage;
John 20:28	And Thomas answered and said to him, My LORD and my God.
Numbers 16:9	Seems it but a small thing to you, that the God of Israel has separated you from the congregation of Israel, to bring you near to himself to do the service of the tabernacle of the LORD, and to stand before the congregation to minister to them?
Genesis 3:23	Therefore the LORD God sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground from from where he was taken.
Ezekiel 3:24	Then the spirit entered into me, and set me on my feet, and spoke with me, and said to me, Go, shut yourself within your house.
Proverbs 23:17	Let not your heart envy sinners: but be you in the fear of the LORD all the day long.
Ezekiel 7:17	All hands shall be feeble, and all knees shall be weak as water.
Job 4:1	Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered and said,
Leviticus 20:26	And you shall be holy to me: for I the LORD am holy, and have severed you from other people, that you should be mine.
Psalm 119:105	Your word is a lamp to my feet, and a light to my path.
2 Kings 2:8	And Elijah took his mantle, and wrapped it together, and smote the waters, and they were divided here and thither, so that they two went over on dry ground.
Exodus 34:25	You shall not offer the blood of my sacrifice with leaven; neither shall the sacrifice of the feast of the passover be left to the morning.
Psalm 106:48	Blessed be the LORD God of Israel from everlasting to everlasting: and let all the people say, Amen. Praise you the LORD.
Numbers 3:37	And the pillars of the court round about, and their sockets, and their pins, and their cords.
2 Chronicles 17:16	And next him was Amasiah the son of Zichri, who willingly offered himself to the LORD; and with him two hundred thousand mighty men of valor.
1 Chronicles 16:37	So he left there before the ark of the covenant of the LORD Asaph and his brothers, to minister before the ark continually, as every day’s work required:
Acts 5:40	And to him they agreed: and when they had called the apostles, and beaten them, they commanded that they should not speak in the name of Jesus, and let them go.
Exodus 32:26	Then Moses stood in the gate of the camp, and said, Who is on the LORD’s side? let him come to me. And all the sons of Levi gathered themselves together to him.
1 Samuel 3:1	And the child Samuel ministered to the LORD before Eli. And the word of the LORD was precious in those days; there was no open vision.
Psalm 76:1	In Judah is God known: his name is great in Israel.
Acts 24:14	But this I confess to you, that after the way which they call heresy, so worship I the God of my fathers, believing all things which are written in the law and in the prophets:
Numbers 6:6	All the days that he separates himself to the LORD he shall come at no dead body.
Jeremiah 52:21	And concerning the pillars, the height of one pillar was eighteen cubits; and a fillet of twelve cubits did compass it; and the thickness thereof was four fingers: it was hollow.
Isaiah 57:20	But the wicked are like the troubled sea, when it cannot rest, whose waters cast up mire and dirt.
Exodus 21:19	If he rise again, and walk abroad on his staff, then shall he that smote him be quit: only he shall pay for the loss of his time, and shall cause him to be thoroughly healed.
Joel 3:19	Egypt shall be a desolation, and Edom shall be a desolate wilderness, for the violence against the children of Judah, because they have shed innocent blood in their land.
Jeremiah 51:25	Behold, I am against you, O destroying mountain, said the LORD, which destroy all the earth: and I will stretch out my hand on you, and roll you down from the rocks, and will make you a burnt mountain.
Isaiah 42:11	Let the wilderness and the cities thereof lift up their voice, the villages that Kedar does inhabit: let the inhabitants of the rock sing, let them shout from the top of the mountains.
Matthew 20:21	And he said to her, What will you? She said to him, Grant that these my two sons may sit, the one on your right hand, and the other on the left, in your kingdom.
2 Chronicles 31:19	Also of the sons of Aaron the priests, which were in the fields of the suburbs of their cities, in every several city, the men that were expressed by name, to give portions to all the males among the priests, and to all that were reckoned by genealogies among the Levites.
Deuteronomy 18:20	But the prophet, which shall presume to speak a word in my name, which I have not commanded him to speak, or that shall speak in the name of other gods, even that prophet shall die.
Psalm 139:20	For they speak against you wickedly, and your enemies take your name in vain.
Acts 7:31	When Moses saw it, he wondered at the sight: and as he drew near to behold it, the voice of the LORD came to him,
1 Kings 15:26	And he did evil in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the way of his father, and in his sin with which he made Israel to sin.
1 Samuel 14:33	Then they told Saul, saying, Behold, the people sin against the LORD, in that they eat with the blood. And he said, You have transgressed: roll a great stone to me this day.
Mark 14:60	And the high priest stood up in the middle, and asked Jesus, saying, Answer you nothing? what is it which these witness against you?
Ezekiel 43:16	And the altar shall be twelve cubits long, twelve broad, square in the four squares thereof.
Genesis 21:31	Why he called that place Beersheba; because there they swore both of them.
1 Corinthians 8:10	For if any man see you which have knowledge sit at meat in the idol’s temple, shall not the conscience of him which is weak be emboldened to eat those things which are offered to idols;
2 Corinthians 1:19	For the Son of God, Jesus Christ, who was preached among you by us, even by me and Silvanus and Timotheus, was not yes and no, but in him was yes.
Judges 12:4	Then Jephthah gathered together all the men of Gilead, and fought with Ephraim: and the men of Gilead smote Ephraim, because they said, You Gileadites are fugitives of Ephraim among the Ephraimites, and among the Manassites.
Luke 9:51	And it came to pass, when the time was come that he should be received up, he steadfastly set his face to go to Jerusalem,
2 Kings 22:4	Go up to Hilkiah the high priest, that he may sum the silver which is brought into the house of the LORD, which the keepers of the door have gathered of the people:
Habakkuk 2:14	For the earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the glory of the LORD, as the waters cover the sea.
Malachi 2:14	Yet you say, Why? Because the LORD has been witness between you and the wife of your youth, against whom you have dealt treacherously: yet is she your companion, and the wife of your covenant.
1 Corinthians 15:3	For I delivered to you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures;
Proverbs 8:18	Riches and honor are with me; yes, durable riches and righteousness.
Psalm 119:163	I hate and abhor lying: but your law do I love.
Proverbs 27:26	The lambs are for your clothing, and the goats are the price of the field.
1 Chronicles 22:9	Behold, a son shall be born to you, who shall be a man of rest; and I will give him rest from all his enemies round about: for his name shall be Solomon, and I will give peace and quietness to Israel in his days.
Exodus 32:7	And the LORD said to Moses, Go, get you down; for your people, which you brought out of the land of Egypt, have corrupted themselves:
John 12:16	These things understood not his disciples at the first: but when Jesus was glorified, then remembered they that these things were written of him, and that they had done these things to him.
Exodus 22:24	And my wrath shall wax hot, and I will kill you with the sword; and your wives shall be widows, and your children fatherless.
Jonah 3:10	And God saw their works, that they turned from their evil way; and God repented of the evil, that he had said that he would do to them; and he did it not.
Luke 18:19	And Jesus said to him, Why call you me good? none is good, save one, that is, God.
Luke 22:45	And when he rose up from prayer, and was come to his disciples, he found them sleeping for sorrow,
Acts 13:34	And as concerning that he raised him up from the dead, now no more to return to corruption, he said on this wise, I will give you the sure mercies of David.
Jeremiah 18:1	The word which came to Jeremiah from the LORD, saying,
1 Chronicles 21:1	And Satan stood up against Israel, and provoked David to number Israel.
Matthew 13:14	And in them is fulfilled the prophecy of Esaias, which said, By hearing you shall hear, and shall not understand; and seeing you shall see, and shall not perceive:
Genesis 39:21	But the LORD was with Joseph, and showed him mercy, and gave him favor in the sight of the keeper of the prison.
Deuteronomy 9:11	And it came to pass at the end of forty days and forty nights, that the LORD gave me the two tables of stone, even the tables of the covenant.
Jeremiah 50:39	Therefore the wild beasts of the desert with the wild beasts of the islands shall dwell there, and the owls shall dwell therein: and it shall be no more inhabited for ever; neither shall it be dwelled in from generation to generation.
Ezekiel 15:7	And I will set my face against them; they shall go out from one fire, and another fire shall devour them; and you shall know that I am the LORD, when I set my face against them.
Proverbs 6:13	He winks with his eyes, he speaks with his feet, he teaches with his fingers;
Judges 12:3	And when I saw that you delivered me not, I put my life in my hands, and passed over against the children of Ammon, and the LORD delivered them into my hand: why then are you come up to me this day, to fight against me?
Ezekiel 9:8	And it came to pass, while they were slaying them, and I was left, that I fell on my face, and cried, and said, Ah Lord GOD! will you destroy all the residue of Israel in your pouring out of your fury on Jerusalem?
Proverbs 20:11	Even a child is known by his doings, whether his work be pure, and whether it be right.
Exodus 28:14	And two chains of pure gold at the ends; of wreathen work shall you make them, and fasten the wreathen chains to the ouches.
Luke 24:18	And the one of them, whose name was Cleopas, answering said to him, Are you only a stranger in Jerusalem, and have not known the things which are come to pass there in these days?
Proverbs 8:10	Receive my instruction, and not silver; and knowledge rather than choice gold.
Philippians 2:27	For indeed he was sick near to death: but God had mercy on him; and not on him only, but on me also, lest I should have sorrow on sorrow.
Leviticus 25:25	If your brother be waxen poor, and has sold away some of his possession, and if any of his kin come to redeem it, then shall he redeem that which his brother sold.
2 Corinthians 3:11	For if that which is done away was glorious, much more that which remains is glorious.
Isaiah 5:27	None shall be weary nor stumble among them; none shall slumber nor sleep; neither shall the girdle of their loins be loosed, nor the lace of their shoes be broken:
John 14:14	If you shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it.
Joshua 10:26	And afterward Joshua smote them, and slew them, and hanged them on five trees: and they were hanging on the trees until the evening.
Luke 12:15	And he said to them, Take heed, and beware of covetousness: for a man’s life consists not in the abundance of the things which he possesses.
Luke 11:6	For a friend of my in his journey is come to me, and I have nothing to set before him?
Galatians 5:7	You did run well; who did hinder you that you should not obey the truth?
Acts 23:27	This man was taken of the Jews, and should have been killed of them: then came I with an army, and rescued him, having understood that he was a Roman.
Ephesians 4:9	(Now that he ascended, what is it but that he also descended first into the lower parts of the earth?
Deuteronomy 32:17	They sacrificed to devils, not to God; to gods whom they knew not, to new gods that came newly up, whom your fathers feared not.
2 Samuel 9:10	You therefore, and your sons, and your servants, shall till the land for him, and you shall bring in the fruits, that your master’s son may have food to eat: but Mephibosheth your master’s son shall eat bread always at my table. Now Ziba had fifteen sons and twenty servants.
1 Chronicles 3:14	Amon his son, Josiah his son.
Genesis 19:23	The sun was risen on the earth when Lot entered into Zoar.
Joshua 15:22	And Kinah, and Dimonah, and Adadah,
Acts 26:28	Then Agrippa said to Paul, Almost you persuade me to be a Christian.
Romans 14:4	Who are you that judge another man’s servant? to his own master he stands or falls. Yes, he shall be held up: for God is able to make him stand.
1 Chronicles 1:35	The sons of Esau; Eliphaz, Reuel, and Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah.
Job 6:30	Is there iniquity in my tongue? cannot my taste discern perverse things?
Genesis 41:52	And the name of the second called he Ephraim: For God has caused me to be fruitful in the land of my affliction.
Matthew 15:14	Let them alone: they be blind leaders of the blind. And if the blind lead the blind, both shall fall into the ditch.
Job 7:8	The eye of him that has seen me shall see me no more: your eyes are on me, and I am not.
Genesis 31:48	And Laban said, This heap is a witness between me and you this day. Therefore was the name of it called Galeed;
Judges 6:5	For they came up with their cattle and their tents, and they came as grasshoppers for multitude; for both they and their camels were without number: and they entered into the land to destroy it.
Psalm 73:15	If I say, I will speak thus; behold, I should offend against the generation of your children.
Proverbs 4:14	Enter not into the path of the wicked, and go not in the way of evil men.
1 Timothy 3:8	Likewise must the deacons be grave, not double-tongued, not given to much wine, not greedy of filthy lucre;
2 Chronicles 26:23	So Uzziah slept with his fathers, and they buried him with his fathers in the field of the burial which belonged to the kings; for they said, He is a leper: and Jotham his son reigned in his stead.
Matthew 20:20	Then came to him the mother of Zebedees children with her sons, worshipping him, and desiring a certain thing of him.
Acts 23:14	And they came to the chief priests and elders, and said, We have bound ourselves under a great curse, that we will eat nothing until we have slain Paul.
2 Chronicles 28:25	And in every several city of Judah he made high places to burn incense to other gods, and provoked to anger the LORD God of his fathers.
John 8:59	Then took they up stones to cast at him: but Jesus hid himself, and went out of the temple, going through the middle of them, and so passed by.
Leviticus 18:30	Therefore shall you keep my ordinance, that you commit not any one of these abominable customs, which were committed before you, and that you defile not yourselves therein: I am the LORD your God.
Proverbs 12:6	The words of the wicked are to lie in wait for blood: but the mouth of the upright shall deliver them.
Exodus 30:32	On man’s flesh shall it not be poured, neither shall you make any other like it, after the composition of it: it is holy, and it shall be holy to you.
1 Kings 4:16	Baanah the son of Hushai was in Asher and in Aloth:
Jeremiah 43:10	And say to them, Thus said the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will send and take Nebuchadrezzar the king of Babylon, my servant, and will set his throne on these stones that I have hid; and he shall spread his royal pavilion over them.
Genesis 8:18	And Noah went forth, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons’ wives with him:
Jeremiah 19:7	And I will make void the counsel of Judah and Jerusalem in this place; and I will cause them to fall by the sword before their enemies, and by the hands of them that seek their lives: and their carcasses will I give to be meat for the fowls of the heaven, and for the beasts of the earth.
Micah 7:17	They shall lick the dust like a serpent, they shall move out of their holes like worms of the earth: they shall be afraid of the LORD our God, and shall fear because of you.
Jeremiah 23:18	For who has stood in the counsel of the LORD, and has perceived and heard his word? who has marked his word, and heard it?
Matthew 2:11	And when they were come into the house, they saw the young child with Mary his mother, and fell down, and worshipped him: and when they had opened their treasures, they presented to him gifts; gold, and frankincense and myrrh.
Daniel 4:21	Whose leaves were fair, and the fruit thereof much, and in it was meat for all; under which the beasts of the field dwelled, and on whose branches the fowls of the heaven had their habitation:
Hosea 9:14	Give them, O LORD: what will you give? give them a miscarrying womb and dry breasts.
Genesis 26:35	Which were a grief of mind to Isaac and to Rebekah.
2 Chronicles 29:15	And they gathered their brothers, and sanctified themselves, and came, according to the commandment of the king, by the words of the LORD, to cleanse the house of the LORD.
Acts 27:7	And when we had sailed slowly many days, and scarce were come over against Cnidus, the wind not suffering us, we sailed under Crete, over against Salmone;
Isaiah 58:3	Why have we fasted, say they, and you see not? why have we afflicted our soul, and you take no knowledge? Behold, in the day of your fast you find pleasure, and exact all your labors.
Deuteronomy 4:31	(For the LORD your God is a merciful God;) he will not forsake you, neither destroy you, nor forget the covenant of your fathers which he swore to them.
John 1:10	He was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not.
Genesis 26:18	And Isaac dig again the wells of water, which they had dig in the days of Abraham his father; for the Philistines had stopped them after the death of Abraham: and he called their names after the names by which his father had called them.
Proverbs 11:13	A talebearer reveals secrets: but he that is of a faithful spirit conceals the matter.
Genesis 26:19	And Isaac’s servants dig in the valley, and found there a well of springing water.
Jeremiah 46:6	Let not the swift flee away, nor the mighty man escape; they shall stumble, and fall toward the north by the river Euphrates.
Mark 4:2	And he taught them many things by parables, and said to them in his doctrine,
Jeremiah 31:30	But every one shall die for his own iniquity: every man that eats the sour grape, his teeth shall be set on edge.
Acts 23:16	And when Paul’s sister’s son heard of their lying in wait, he went and entered into the castle, and told Paul.
Luke 8:55	And her spirit came again, and she arose straightway: and he commanded to give her meat.
1 Chronicles 4:17	And the sons of Ezra were, Jether, and Mered, and Epher, and Jalon: and she bore Miriam, and Shammai, and Ishbah the father of Eshtemoa.
Deuteronomy 8:20	As the nations which the LORD destroys before your face, so shall you perish; because you would not be obedient to the voice of the LORD your God.
Psalm 37:25	I have been young, and now am old; yet have I not seen the righteous forsaken, nor his seed begging bread.
Nehemiah 9:11	And you did divide the sea before them, so that they went through the middle of the sea on the dry land; and their persecutors you threw into the deeps, as a stone into the mighty waters.
Leviticus 6:30	And no sin offering, whereof any of the blood is brought into the tabernacle of the congregation to reconcile with in the holy place, shall be eaten: it shall be burnt in the fire.
Job 26:6	Hell is naked before him, and destruction has no covering.
1 Samuel 25:27	And now this blessing which your handmaid has brought to my lord, let it even be given to the young men that follow my lord.
Esther 9:1	Now in the twelfth month, that is, the month Adar, on the thirteenth day of the same, when the king’s commandment and his decree drew near to be put in execution, in the day that the enemies of the Jews hoped to have power over them, (though it was turned to the contrary, that the Jews had rule over them that hated them;)
Zechariah 5:4	I will bring it forth, said the LORD of hosts, and it shall enter into the house of the thief, and into the house of him that swears falsely by my name: and it shall remain in the middle of his house, and shall consume it with the timber thereof and the stones thereof.
Exodus 4:30	And Aaron spoke all the words which the LORD had spoken to Moses, and did the signs in the sight of the people.
2 Samuel 19:22	And David said, What have I to do with you, you sons of Zeruiah, that you should this day be adversaries to me? shall there any man be put to death this day in Israel? for do not I know that I am this day king over Israel?
Luke 4:32	And they were astonished at his doctrine: for his word was with power.
Psalm 74:5	A man was famous according as he had lifted up axes on the thick trees.
Leviticus 2:8	And you shall bring the meat offering that is made of these things to the LORD: and when it is presented to the priest, he shall bring it to the altar.
Psalm 119:26	I have declared my ways, and you heard me: teach me your statutes.
Jeremiah 27:10	For they prophesy a lie to you, to remove you far from your land; and that I should drive you out, and you should perish.
Nehemiah 13:27	Shall we then listen to you to do all this great evil, to transgress against our God in marrying strange wives?
Jeremiah 52:20	The two pillars, one sea, and twelve brazen bulls that were under the bases, which king Solomon had made in the house of the LORD: the brass of all these vessels was without weight.
Ezekiel 7:9	And my eye shall not spare, neither will I have pity: I will recompense you according to your ways and your abominations that are in the middle of you; and you shall know that I am the LORD that smites.
Numbers 7:59	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur.
2 Kings 24:17	And the king of Babylon made Mattaniah his father’s brother king in his stead, and changed his name to Zedekiah.
Acts 6:11	Then they suborned men, which said, We have heard him speak blasphemous words against Moses, and against God.
Psalm 36:8	They shall be abundantly satisfied with the fatness of your house; and you shall make them drink of the river of your pleasures.
Jeremiah 2:16	Also the children of Noph and Tahapanes have broken the crown of your head.
Jeremiah 32:14	Thus said the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Take these evidences, this evidence of the purchase, both which is sealed, and this evidence which is open; and put them in an earthen vessel, that they may continue many days.
2 Samuel 18:2	And David sent forth a third part of the people under the hand of Joab, and a third part under the hand of Abishai the son of Zeruiah, Joab’s brother, and a third part under the hand of Ittai the Gittite. And the king said to the people, I will surely go forth with you myself also.
1 Samuel 9:20	And as for your asses that were lost three days ago, set not your mind on them; for they are found. And on whom is all the desire of Israel? Is it not on you, and on all your father’s house?
Exodus 26:17	Two tenons shall there be in one board, set in order one against another: thus shall you make for all the boards of the tabernacle.
2 Chronicles 35:7	And Josiah gave to the people, of the flock, lambs and kids, all for the passover offerings, for all that were present, to the number of thirty thousand, and three thousand bullocks: these were of the king’s substance.
Deuteronomy 17:14	When you are come to the land which the LORD your God gives you, and shall possess it, and shall dwell therein, and shall say, I will set a king over me, like as all the nations that are about me;
2 Kings 7:13	And one of his servants answered and said, Let some take, I pray you, five of the horses that remain, which are left in the city, (behold, they are as all the multitude of Israel that are left in it: behold, I say, they are even as all the multitude of the Israelites that are consumed:) and let us send and see.
Numbers 5:25	Then the priest shall take the jealousy offering out of the woman’s hand, and shall wave the offering before the LORD, and offer it on the altar:
Nehemiah 6:19	Also they reported his good deeds before me, and uttered my words to him. And Tobiah sent letters to put me in fear.
1 Samuel 28:8	And Saul disguised himself, and put on other raiment, and he went, and two men with him, and they came to the woman by night: and he said, I pray you, divine to me by the familiar spirit, and bring me him up, whom I shall name to you.
Genesis 25:28	And Isaac loved Esau, because he did eat of his venison: but Rebekah loved Jacob.
Jeremiah 24:3	Then said the LORD to me, What see you, Jeremiah? And I said, Figs; the good figs, very good; and the evil, very evil, that cannot be eaten, they are so evil.
2 Chronicles 6:33	Then hear you from the heavens, even from your dwelling place, and do according to all that the stranger calls to you for; that all people of the earth may know your name, and fear you, as does your people Israel, and may know that this house which I have built is called by your name.
Luke 1:4	That you might know the certainty of those things, wherein you have been instructed.
2 Chronicles 35:13	And they roasted the passover with fire according to the ordinance: but the other holy offerings sod they in pots, and in caldrons, and in pans, and divided them speedily among all the people.
Exodus 28:6	And they shall make the ephod of gold, of blue, and of purple, of scarlet, and fine twined linen, with cunning work.
Hosea 10:12	Sow to yourselves in righteousness, reap in mercy; break up your fallow ground: for it is time to seek the LORD, till he come and rain righteousness on you.
Psalm 89:31	If they break my statutes, and keep not my commandments;
Psalm 47:2	For the LORD most high is terrible; he is a great King over all the earth.
Proverbs 20:27	The spirit of man is the candle of the LORD, searching all the inward parts of the belly.
Daniel 5:29	Then commanded Belshazzar, and they clothed Daniel with scarlet, and put a chain of gold about his neck, and made a proclamation concerning him, that he should be the third ruler in the kingdom.
James 3:1	My brothers, be not many masters, knowing that we shall receive the greater condemnation.
John 2:24	But Jesus did not commit himself to them, because he knew all men,
Matthew 27:16	And they had then a notable prisoner, called Barabbas.
Deuteronomy 6:3	Hear therefore, O Israel, and observe to do it; that it may be well with you, and that you may increase mightily, as the LORD God of your fathers has promised you, in the land that flows with milk and honey.
Jeremiah 22:10	Weep you not for the dead, neither bemoan him: but weep sore for him that goes away: for he shall return no more, nor see his native country.
Mark 10:13	And they brought young children to him, that he should touch them: and his disciples rebuked those that brought them.
Judges 11:20	But Sihon trusted not Israel to pass through his coast: but Sihon gathered all his people together, and pitched in Jahaz, and fought against Israel.
Romans 11:16	For if the first fruit be holy, the lump is also holy: and if the root be holy, so are the branches.
Job 12:4	I am as one mocked of his neighbor, who calls on God, and he answers him: the just upright man is laughed to scorn.
Exodus 8:5	And the LORD spoke to Moses, Say to Aaron, Stretch forth your hand with your rod over the streams, over the rivers, and over the ponds, and cause frogs to come up on the land of Egypt.
Psalm 69:5	O God, you know my foolishness; and my sins are not hid from you.
Acts 5:15	So that they brought forth the sick into the streets, and laid them on beds and couches, that at the least the shadow of Peter passing by might overshadow some of them.
Psalm 27:8	When you said, Seek you my face; my heart said to you, Your face, LORD, will I seek.
Deuteronomy 29:10	You stand this day all of you before the LORD your God; your captains of your tribes, your elders, and your officers, with all the men of Israel,
Romans 12:20	Therefore if your enemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst, give him drink: for in so doing you shall heap coals of fire on his head.
Psalm 107:24	These see the works of the LORD, and his wonders in the deep.
Joshua 19:31	This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Asher according to their families, these cities with their villages.
Joshua 15:42	Libnah, and Ether, and Ashan,
Joshua 23:11	Take good heed therefore to yourselves, that you love the LORD your God.
Nehemiah 7:1	Now it came to pass, when the wall was built, and I had set up the doors, and the porters and the singers and the Levites were appointed,
Acts 20:8	And there were many lights in the upper chamber, where they were gathered together.
Genesis 25:9	And his sons Isaac and Ishmael buried him in the cave of Machpelah, in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar the Hittite, which is before Mamre;
Hebrews 9:17	For a testament is of force after men are dead: otherwise it is of no strength at all while the testator lives.
Isaiah 37:37	So Sennacherib king of Assyria departed, and went and returned, and dwelled at Nineveh.
Revelation 6:2	And I saw, and behold a white horse: and he that sat on him had a bow; and a crown was given to him: and he went forth conquering, and to conquer.
Genesis 6:18	But with you will I establish my covenant; and you shall come into the ark, you, and your sons, and your wife, and your sons’ wives with you.
Revelation 7:16	They shall hunger no more, neither thirst any more; neither shall the sun light on them, nor any heat.
Daniel 2:18	That they would desire mercies of the God of heaven concerning this secret; that Daniel and his fellows should not perish with the rest of the wise men of Babylon.
Acts 1:14	These all continued with one accord in prayer and supplication, with the women, and Mary the mother of Jesus, and with his brothers.
Luke 7:26	But what went you out for to see? A prophet? Yes, I say to you, and much more than a prophet.
2 Corinthians 10:15	Not boasting of things without our measure, that is, of other men’s labors; but having hope, when your faith is increased, that we shall be enlarged by you according to our rule abundantly,
1 Chronicles 6:62	And to the sons of Gershom throughout their families out of the tribe of Issachar, and out of the tribe of Asher, and out of the tribe of Naphtali, and out of the tribe of Manasseh in Bashan, thirteen cities.
Hebrews 11:13	These all died in faith, not having received the promises, but having seen them afar off, and were persuaded of them, and embraced them, and confessed that they were strangers and pilgrims on the earth.
Psalm 75:8	For in the hand of the LORD there is a cup, and the wine is red; it is full of mixture; and he pours out of the same: but the dregs thereof, all the wicked of the earth shall wring them out, and drink them.
2 Kings 25:16	The two pillars, one sea, and the bases which Solomon had made for the house of the LORD; the brass of all these vessels was without weight.
Amos 5:26	But you have borne the tabernacle of your Moloch and Chiun your images, the star of your god, which you made to yourselves.
2 Timothy 2:19	Nevertheless the foundation of God stands sure, having this seal, The Lord knows them that are his. And, Let every one that names the name of Christ depart from iniquity.
Mark 5:16	And they that saw it told them how it befell to him that was possessed with the devil, and also concerning the swine.
1 Samuel 14:17	Then said Saul to the people that were with him, Number now, and see who is gone from us. And when they had numbered, behold, Jonathan and his armor bearer were not there.
2 Samuel 9:12	And Mephibosheth had a young son, whose name was Micha. And all that dwelled in the house of Ziba were servants to Mephibosheth.
Amos 4:3	And you shall go out at the breaches, every cow at that which is before her; and you shall cast them into the palace, said the LORD.
Judges 16:30	And Samson said, Let me die with the Philistines. And he bowed himself with all his might; and the house fell on the lords, and on all the people that were therein. So the dead which he slew at his death were more than they which he slew in his life.
Luke 5:3	And he entered into one of the ships, which was Simon’s, and prayed him that he would thrust out a little from the land. And he sat down, and taught the people out of the ship.
Genesis 42:2	And he said, Behold, I have heard that there is corn in Egypt: get you down thither, and buy for us from there; that we may live, and not die.
Leviticus 15:28	But if she be cleansed of her issue, then she shall number to herself seven days, and after that she shall be clean.
2 Chronicles 24:22	Thus Joash the king remembered not the kindness which Jehoiada his father had done to him, but slew his son. And when he died, he said, The LORD look on it, and require it.
2 Chronicles 32:4	So there was gathered much people together, who stopped all the fountains, and the brook that ran through the middle of the land, saying, Why should the kings of Assyria come, and find much water?
1 Corinthians 7:39	The wife is bound by the law as long as her husband lives; but if her husband be dead, she is at liberty to be married to whom she will; only in the Lord.
Daniel 1:14	So he consented to them in this matter, and proved them ten days.
1 Chronicles 8:38	And Azel had six sons, whose names are these, Azrikam, Bocheru, and Ishmael, and Sheariah, and Obadiah, and Hanan. All these were the sons of Azel.
Isaiah 14:21	Prepare slaughter for his children for the iniquity of their fathers; that they do not rise, nor possess the land, nor fill the face of the world with cities.
1 Kings 8:16	Since the day that I brought forth my people Israel out of Egypt, I chose no city out of all the tribes of Israel to build an house, that my name might be therein; but I chose David to be over my people Israel.
Matthew 27:61	And there was Mary Magdalene, and the other Mary, sitting over against the sepulcher.
Nehemiah 1:2	That Hanani, one of my brothers, came, he and certain men of Judah; and I asked them concerning the Jews that had escaped, which were left of the captivity, and concerning Jerusalem.
Ezra 8:16	Then sent I for Eliezer, for Ariel, for Shemaiah, and for Elnathan, and for Jarib, and for Elnathan, and for Nathan, and for Zechariah, and for Meshullam, chief men; also for Joiarib, and for Elnathan, men of understanding.
Genesis 29:2	And he looked, and behold a well in the field, and, see, there were three flocks of sheep lying by it; for out of that well they watered the flocks: and a great stone was on the well’s mouth.
Joshua 11:23	So Joshua took the whole land, according to all that the LORD said to Moses; and Joshua gave it for an inheritance to Israel according to their divisions by their tribes. And the land rested from war.
Hosea 7:10	And the pride of Israel testifies to his face: and they do not return to the LORD their God, nor seek him for all this.
Job 9:11	See, he goes by me, and I see him not: he passes on also, but I perceive him not.
Deuteronomy 27:15	Cursed be the man that makes any graven or molten image, an abomination to the LORD, the work of the hands of the craftsman, and puts it in a secret place. And all the people shall answer and say, Amen.
Obadiah 1:5	If thieves came to you, if robbers by night, (how are you cut off!) would they not have stolen till they had enough? if the grape gatherers came to you, would they not leave some grapes?
Matthew 18:32	Then his lord, after that he had called him, said to him, O you wicked servant, I forgave you all that debt, because you desired me:
Jeremiah 18:6	O house of Israel, cannot I do with you as this potter? said the LORD. Behold, as the clay is in the potter’s hand, so are you in my hand, O house of Israel.
Micah 1:1	The word of the LORD that came to Micah the Morasthite in the days of Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah, which he saw concerning Samaria and Jerusalem.
Matthew 2:22	But when he heard that Archelaus did reign in Judaea in the room of his father Herod, he was afraid to go thither: notwithstanding, being warned of God in a dream, he turned aside into the parts of Galilee:
Psalm 109:30	I will greatly praise the LORD with my mouth; yes, I will praise him among the multitude.
1 Corinthians 8:9	But take heed lest by any means this liberty of yours become a stumbling block to them that are weak.
1 Samuel 14:50	And the name of Saul’s wife was Ahinoam, the daughter of Ahimaaz: and the name of the captain of his host was Abner, the son of Ner, Saul’s uncle.
Exodus 12:42	It is a night to be much observed to the LORD for bringing them out from the land of Egypt: this is that night of the LORD to be observed of all the children of Israel in their generations.
Hosea 10:1	Israel is an empty vine, he brings forth fruit to himself: according to the multitude of his fruit he has increased the altars; according to the goodness of his land they have made goodly images.
Joshua 4:13	About forty thousand prepared for war passed over before the LORD to battle, to the plains of Jericho.
2 Kings 25:5	And the army of the Chaldees pursued after the king, and overtook him in the plains of Jericho: and all his army were scattered from him.
Leviticus 11:41	And every creeping thing that creeps on the earth shall be an abomination; it shall not be eaten.
Genesis 43:2	And it came to pass, when they had eaten up the corn which they had brought out of Egypt, their father said to them, Go again, buy us a little food.
Numbers 8:20	And Moses, and Aaron, and all the congregation of the children of Israel, did to the Levites according to all that the LORD commanded Moses concerning the Levites, so did the children of Israel to them.
Proverbs 4:13	Take fast hold of instruction; let her not go: keep her; for she is your life.
Job 17:2	Are there not mockers with me? and does not my eye continue in their provocation?
Deuteronomy 4:4	But you that did join to the LORD your God are alive every one of you this day.
Psalm 35:11	False witnesses did rise up; they laid to my charge things that I knew not.
Matthew 18:7	Woe to the world because of offenses! for it must needs be that offenses come; but woe to that man by whom the offense comes!
Judges 11:37	And she said to her father, Let this thing be done for me: let me alone two months, that I may go up and down on the mountains, and mourn my virginity, I and my fellows.
John 12:39	Therefore they could not believe, because that Esaias said again,
Luke 10:15	And you, Capernaum, which are exalted to heaven, shall be thrust down to hell.
Ezekiel 20:40	For in my holy mountain, in the mountain of the height of Israel, said the Lord GOD, there shall all the house of Israel, all of them in the land, serve me: there will I accept them, and there will I require your offerings, and the first fruits of your oblations, with all your holy things.
1 Chronicles 4:40	And they found fat pasture and good, and the land was wide, and quiet, and peaceable; for they of Ham had dwelled there of old.
Leviticus 12:3	And in the eighth day the flesh of his foreskin shall be circumcised.
Psalm 5:8	Lead me, O LORD, in your righteousness because of my enemies; make your way straight before my face.
Jeremiah 43:8	Then came the word of the LORD to Jeremiah in Tahpanhes, saying,
Isaiah 51:10	Are you not it which has dried the sea, the waters of the great deep; that has made the depths of the sea a way for the ransomed to pass over?
Genesis 41:12	And there was there with us a young man, an Hebrew, servant to the captain of the guard; and we told him, and he interpreted to us our dreams; to each man according to his dream he did interpret.
1 Samuel 26:11	The LORD forbid that I should stretch forth my hand against the LORD’s anointed: but, I pray you, take you now the spear that is at his bolster, and the cruse of water, and let us go.
Jonah 3:3	So Jonah arose, and went to Nineveh, according to the word of the LORD. Now Nineveh was an exceeding great city of three days’ journey.
2 Samuel 7:14	I will be his father, and he shall be my son. If he commit iniquity, I will chasten him with the rod of men, and with the stripes of the children of men:
John 21:21	Peter seeing him said to Jesus, Lord, and what shall this man do?
Matthew 10:37	He that loves father or mother more than me is not worthy of me: and he that loves son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me.
1 Corinthians 14:21	In the law it is written, With men of other tongues and other lips will I speak to this people; and yet for all that will they not hear me, said the LORD.
Exodus 22:27	For that is his covering only, it is his raiment for his skin: wherein shall he sleep? and it shall come to pass, when he cries to me, that I will hear; for I am gracious.
Acts 7:38	This is he, that was in the church in the wilderness with the angel which spoke to him in the mount Sina, and with our fathers: who received the lively oracles to give to us:
1 Kings 1:25	For he is gone down this day, and has slain oxen and fat cattle and sheep in abundance, and has called all the king’s sons, and the captains of the host, and Abiathar the priest; and, behold, they eat and drink before him, and say, God save king Adonijah.
Isaiah 24:16	From the uttermost part of the earth have we heard songs, even glory to the righteous. But I said, My leanness, my leanness, woe to me! the treacherous dealers have dealt treacherously; yes, the treacherous dealers have dealt very treacherously.
Daniel 2:25	Then Arioch brought in Daniel before the king in haste, and said thus to him, I have found a man of the captives of Judah, that will make known to the king the interpretation.
Ezekiel 28:12	Son of man, take up a lamentation on the king of Tyrus, and say to him, Thus said the Lord GOD; You seal up the sum, full of wisdom, and perfect in beauty.
Luke 9:43	And they were all amazed at the mighty power of God. But while they wondered every one at all things which Jesus did, he said to his disciples,
Micah 4:5	For all people will walk every one in the name of his god, and we will walk in the name of the LORD our God for ever and ever.
Genesis 15:5	And he brought him forth abroad, and said, Look now toward heaven, and tell the stars, if you be able to number them: and he said to him, So shall your seed be.
Judges 4:22	And, behold, as Barak pursued Sisera, Jael came out to meet him, and said to him, Come, and I will show you the man whom you seek. And when he came into her tent, behold, Sisera lay dead, and the nail was in his temples.
Proverbs 3:23	Then shall you walk in your way safely, and your foot shall not stumble.
Jeremiah 43:3	But Baruch the son of Neriah sets you on against us, for to deliver us into the hand of the Chaldeans, that they might put us to death, and carry us away captives into Babylon.
Leviticus 23:29	For whatever soul it be that shall not be afflicted in that same day, he shall be cut off from among his people.
Titus 1:9	Holding fast the faithful word as he has been taught, that he may be able by sound doctrine both to exhort and to convince the disputers.
Deuteronomy 28:42	All your trees and fruit of your land shall the locust consume.
Mark 8:25	After that he put his hands again on his eyes, and made him look up: and he was restored, and saw every man clearly.
Amos 7:16	Now therefore hear you the word of the LORD: You say, Prophesy not against Israel, and drop not your word against the house of Isaac.
Isaiah 13:14	And it shall be as the chased roe, and as a sheep that no man takes up: they shall every man turn to his own people, and flee every one into his own land.
1 Chronicles 18:11	Them also king David dedicated to the LORD, with the silver and the gold that he brought from all these nations; from Edom, and from Moab, and from the children of Ammon, and from the Philistines, and from Amalek.
Proverbs 7:4	Say to wisdom, You are my sister; and call understanding your kinswoman:
Isaiah 9:15	The ancient and honorable, he is the head; and the prophet that teaches lies, he is the tail.
Exodus 30:29	And you shall sanctify them, that they may be most holy: whatever touches them shall be holy.
Job 13:21	Withdraw your hand far from me: and let not your dread make me afraid.
2 Chronicles 36:2	Jehoahaz was twenty and three years old when he began to reign, and he reigned three months in Jerusalem.
Genesis 24:46	And she made haste, and let down her pitcher from her shoulder, and said, Drink, and I will give your camels drink also: so I drank, and she made the camels drink also.
Luke 8:46	And Jesus said, Somebody has touched me: for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me.
Numbers 27:1	Then came the daughters of Zelophehad, the son of Hepher, the son of Gilead, the son of Machir, the son of Manasseh, of the families of Manasseh the son of Joseph: and these are the names of his daughters; Mahlah, Noah, and Hoglah, and Milcah, and Tirzah.
1 Samuel 23:24	And they arose, and went to Ziph before Saul: but David and his men were in the wilderness of Maon, in the plain on the south of Jeshimon.
1 Timothy 5:21	I charge you before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, and the elect angels, that you observe these things without preferring one before another, doing nothing by partiality.
Isaiah 65:6	Behold, it is written before me: I will not keep silence, but will recompense, even recompense into their bosom,
Nahum 3:14	Draw you waters for the siege, fortify your strong holds: go into clay, and tread the mortar, make strong the brick kiln.
Galatians 5:3	For I testify again to every man that is circumcised, that he is a debtor to do the whole law.
Genesis 42:9	And Joseph remembered the dreams which he dreamed of them, and said to them, You are spies; to see the nakedness of the land you are come.
Numbers 31:30	And of the children of Israel’s half, you shall take one portion of fifty, of the persons, of the beeves, of the asses, and of the flocks, of all manner of beasts, and give them to the Levites, which keep the charge of the tabernacle of the LORD.
Isaiah 59:19	So shall they fear the name of the LORD from the west, and his glory from the rising of the sun. When the enemy shall come in like a flood, the Spirit of the LORD shall lift up a standard against him.
John 11:11	These things said he: and after that he said to them, Our friend Lazarus sleeps; but I go, that I may awake him out of sleep.
Acts 21:14	And when he would not be persuaded, we ceased, saying, The will of the Lord be done.
Ezra 6:10	That they may offer sacrifices of sweet smells to the God of heaven, and pray for the life of the king, and of his sons.
Mark 1:23	And there was in their synagogue a man with an unclean spirit; and he cried out,
Job 28:15	It cannot be gotten for gold, neither shall silver be weighed for the price thereof.
Luke 11:45	Then answered one of the lawyers, and said to him, Master, thus saying you reproach us also.
Leviticus 19:13	You shall not defraud your neighbor, neither rob him: the wages of him that is hired shall not abide with you all night until the morning.
2 Corinthians 13:14	The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen.
Revelation 16:12	And the sixth angel poured out his vial on the great river Euphrates; and the water thereof was dried up, that the way of the kings of the east might be prepared.
Genesis 28:13	And, behold, the LORD stood above it, and said, I am the LORD God of Abraham your father, and the God of Isaac: the land where on you lie, to you will I give it, and to your seed;
Psalm 12:5	For the oppression of the poor, for the sighing of the needy, now will I arise, said the LORD; I will set him in safety from him that puffs at him.
John 1:26	John answered them, saying, I baptize with water: but there stands one among you, whom you know not;
Psalm 59:10	The God of my mercy shall prevent me: God shall let me see my desire on my enemies.
Ezra 9:10	And now, O our God, what shall we say after this? for we have forsaken your commandments,
Psalm 107:27	They reel to and fro, and stagger like a drunken man, and are at their wit’s end.
Psalm 30:9	What profit is there in my blood, when I go down to the pit? Shall the dust praise you? shall it declare your truth?
Acts 13:36	For David, after he had served his own generation by the will of God, fell on sleep, and was laid to his fathers, and saw corruption:
Exodus 23:14	Three times you shall keep a feast to me in the year.
Proverbs 19:21	There are many devices in a man’s heart; nevertheless the counsel of the LORD, that shall stand.
Proverbs 18:2	A fool has no delight in understanding, but that his heart may discover itself.
Leviticus 1:6	And he shall flay the burnt offering, and cut it into his pieces.
Isaiah 46:2	They stoop, they bow down together; they could not deliver the burden, but themselves are gone into captivity.
Matthew 12:4	How he entered into the house of God, and did eat the show bread, which was not lawful for him to eat, neither for them which were with him, but only for the priests?
Leviticus 4:11	And the skin of the bullock, and all his flesh, with his head, and with his legs, and his inwards, and his dung,
2 Timothy 3:6	For of this sort are they which creep into houses, and lead captive silly women laden with sins, led away with divers lusts,
2 Chronicles 6:7	Now it was in the heart of David my father to build an house for the name of the LORD God of Israel.
Proverbs 7:21	With her much fair speech she caused him to yield, with the flattering of her lips she forced him.
Mark 4:35	And the same day, when the even was come, he said to them, Let us pass over to the other side.
Nehemiah 13:24	And their children spoke half in the speech of Ashdod, and could not speak in the Jews’ language, but according to the language of each people.
Jeremiah 17:9	The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked: who can know it?
1 Chronicles 23:24	These were the sons of Levi after the house of their fathers; even the chief of the fathers, as they were counted by number of names by their polls, that did the work for the service of the house of the LORD, from the age of twenty years and upward.
Luke 6:36	Be you therefore merciful, as your Father also is merciful.
Genesis 20:3	But God came to Abimelech in a dream by night, and said to him, Behold, you are but a dead man, for the woman which you have taken; for she is a man’s wife.
Mark 15:43	Joseph of Arimathaea, an honorable counselor, which also waited for the kingdom of God, came, and went in boldly to Pilate, and craved the body of Jesus.
2 Kings 4:12	And he said to Gehazi his servant, Call this Shunammite. And when he had called her, she stood before him.
Genesis 47:7	And Joseph brought in Jacob his father, and set him before Pharaoh: and Jacob blessed Pharaoh.
Exodus 21:10	If he take him another wife; her food, her raiment, and her duty of marriage, shall he not diminish.
Ezekiel 13:5	You have not gone up into the gaps, neither made up the hedge for the house of Israel to stand in the battle in the day of the LORD.
1 Corinthians 3:13	Every man’s work shall be made manifest: for the day shall declare it, because it shall be revealed by fire; and the fire shall try every man’s work of what sort it is.
2 Kings 23:11	And he took away the horses that the kings of Judah had given to the sun, at the entering in of the house of the LORD, by the chamber of Nathanmelech the chamberlain, which was in the suburbs, and burned the chariots of the sun with fire.
Luke 10:9	And heal the sick that are therein, and say to them, The kingdom of God is come near to you.
Revelation 11:9	And they of the people and kindreds and tongues and nations shall see their dead bodies three days and an half, and shall not suffer their dead bodies to be put in graves.
Psalm 125:4	Do good, O LORD, to those that be good, and to them that are upright in their hearts.
Revelation 2:27	And he shall rule them with a rod of iron; as the vessels of a potter shall they be broken to shivers: even as I received of my Father.
Ezekiel 18:22	All his transgressions that he has committed, they shall not be mentioned to him: in his righteousness that he has done he shall live.
2 Samuel 4:4	And Jonathan, Saul’s son, had a son that was lame of his feet. He was five years old when the tidings came of Saul and Jonathan out of Jezreel, and his nurse took him up, and fled: and it came to pass, as she made haste to flee, that he fell, and became lame. And his name was Mephibosheth.
Job 18:15	It shall dwell in his tabernacle, because it is none of his: brimstone shall be scattered on his habitation.
Exodus 35:15	And the incense altar, and his staves, and the anointing oil, and the sweet incense, and the hanging for the door at the entering in of the tabernacle,
Jeremiah 31:26	On this I awaked, and beheld; and my sleep was sweet to me.
Luke 21:30	When they now shoot forth, you see and know of your own selves that summer is now near at hand.
2 Samuel 7:22	Why you are great, O LORD God: for there is none like you, neither is there any God beside you, according to all that we have heard with our ears.
Mark 1:17	And Jesus said to them, Come you after me, and I will make you to become fishers of men.
Psalm 144:3	LORD, what is man, that you take knowledge of him! or the son of man, that you make account of him!
Judges 9:37	And Gaal spoke again, and said, See there come people down by the middle of the land, and another company come along by the plain of Meonenim.
1 Corinthians 1:27	But God has chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise; and God has chosen the weak things of the world to confound the things which are mighty;
Job 9:5	Which removes the mountains, and they know not: which overturns them in his anger.
Psalm 71:1	In you, O LORD, do I put my trust: let me never be put to confusion.
Psalm 126:6	He that goes forth and weeps, bearing precious seed, shall doubtless come again with rejoicing, bringing his sheaves with him.
Isaiah 5:17	Then shall the lambs feed after their manner, and the waste places of the fat ones shall strangers eat.
Luke 11:2	And he said to them, When you pray, say, Our Father which are in heaven, Hallowed be your name. Your kingdom come. Your will be done, as in heaven, so in earth.
Luke 21:16	And you shall be betrayed both by parents, and brothers, and kinfolks, and friends; and some of you shall they cause to be put to death.
2 Samuel 1:13	And David said to the young man that told him, From where are you? And he answered, I am the son of a stranger, an Amalekite.
Job 32:16	When I had waited, (for they spoke not, but stood still, and answered no more;)
Matthew 13:34	All these things spoke Jesus to the multitude in parables; and without a parable spoke he not to them:
Mark 16:8	And they went out quickly, and fled from the sepulcher; for they trembled and were amazed: neither said they any thing to any man; for they were afraid.
Joshua 11:3	And to the Canaanite on the east and on the west, and to the Amorite, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, and the Jebusite in the mountains, and to the Hivite under Hermon in the land of Mizpeh.
Numbers 24:23	And he took up his parable, and said, Alas, who shall live when God does this!
Ezekiel 1:1	Now it came to pass in the thirtieth year, in the fourth month, in the fifth day of the month, as I was among the captives by the river of Chebar, that the heavens were opened, and I saw visions of God.
Proverbs 31:31	Give her of the fruit of her hands; and let her own works praise her in the gates.
Matthew 27:26	Then released he Barabbas to them: and when he had scourged Jesus, he delivered him to be crucified.
Lamentations 3:25	The LORD is good to them that wait for him, to the soul that seeks him.
Genesis 37:14	And he said to him, Go, I pray you, see whether it be well with your brothers, and well with the flocks; and bring me word again. So he sent him out of the vale of Hebron, and he came to Shechem.
Ruth 2:4	And, behold, Boaz came from Bethlehem, and said to the reapers, The LORD be with you. And they answered him, The LORD bless you.
Ezekiel 23:21	Thus you called to remembrance the lewdness of your youth, in bruising your teats by the Egyptians for the breasts of your youth.
Jeremiah 13:27	I have seen your adulteries, and your neighings, the lewdness of your prostitution, and your abominations on the hills in the fields. Woe to you, O Jerusalem! will you not be made clean? when shall it once be?
Psalm 11:6	On the wicked he shall rain snares, fire and brimstone, and an horrible tempest: this shall be the portion of their cup.
Jeremiah 39:2	And in the eleventh year of Zedekiah, in the fourth month, the ninth day of the month, the city was broken up.
Exodus 35:23	And every man, with whom was found blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine linen, and goats’ hair, and red skins of rams, and badgers’ skins, brought them.
Deuteronomy 26:14	I have not eaten thereof in my mourning, neither have I taken away ought thereof for any unclean use, nor given ought thereof for the dead: but I have listened to the voice of the LORD my God, and have done according to all that you have commanded me.
Psalm 46:7	The LORD of hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our refuge. Selah.
Revelation 11:16	And the four and twenty elders, which sat before God on their seats, fell on their faces, and worshipped God,
Genesis 30:21	And afterwards she bore a daughter, and called her name Dinah.
Luke 17:30	Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed.
Isaiah 26:16	LORD, in trouble have they visited you, they poured out a prayer when your chastening was on them.
Proverbs 25:27	It is not good to eat much honey: so for men to search their own glory is not glory.
2 Kings 7:12	And the king arose in the night, and said to his servants, I will now show you what the Syrians have done to us. They know that we be hungry; therefore are they gone out of the camp to hide themselves in the field, saying, When they come out of the city, we shall catch them alive, and get into the city.
Leviticus 14:45	And he shall break down the house, the stones of it, and the timber thereof, and all the mortar of the house; and he shall carry them forth out of the city into an unclean place.
Hebrews 6:10	For God is not unrighteous to forget your work and labor of love, which you have showed toward his name, in that you have ministered to the saints, and do minister.
Luke 8:23	But as they sailed he fell asleep: and there came down a storm of wind on the lake; and they were filled with water, and were in jeopardy.
2 Kings 9:15	But king Joram was returned to be healed in Jezreel of the wounds which the Syrians had given him, when he fought with Hazael king of Syria.) And Jehu said, If it be your minds, then let none go forth nor escape out of the city to go to tell it in Jezreel.
Ephesians 3:16	That he would grant you, according to the riches of his glory, to be strengthened with might by his Spirit in the inner man;
Proverbs 24:24	He that said to the wicked, You are righteous; him shall the people curse, nations shall abhor him:
2 Corinthians 7:6	Nevertheless God, that comforts those that are cast down, comforted us by the coming of Titus;
2 Kings 23:14	And he broke in pieces the images, and cut down the groves, and filled their places with the bones of men.
Joshua 24:5	I sent Moses also and Aaron, and I plagued Egypt, according to that which I did among them: and afterward I brought you out.
Proverbs 15:16	Better is little with the fear of the LORD than great treasure and trouble therewith.
Psalm 25:12	What man is he that fears the LORD? him shall he teach in the way that he shall choose.
Deuteronomy 12:19	Take heed to yourself that you forsake not the Levite as long as you live on the earth.
2 Corinthians 8:4	Praying us with much entreaty that we would receive the gift, and take on us the fellowship of the ministering to the saints.
2 Timothy 2:9	Wherein I suffer trouble, as an evil doer, even to bonds; but the word of God is not bound.
Numbers 34:25	And the prince of the tribe of the children of Zebulun, Elizaphan the son of Parnach.
Numbers 5:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Job 27:9	Will God hear his cry when trouble comes on him?
Job 24:20	The womb shall forget him; the worm shall feed sweetly on him; he shall be no more remembered; and wickedness shall be broken as a tree.
Acts 2:11	Cretes and Arabians, we do hear them speak in our tongues the wonderful works of God.
Romans 4:23	Now it was not written for his sake alone, that it was imputed to him;
Psalm 99:5	Exalt you the LORD our God, and worship at his footstool; for he is holy.
Nehemiah 7:60	All the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon’s servants, were three hundred ninety and two.
1 Chronicles 6:15	And Jehozadak went into captivity, when the LORD carried away Judah and Jerusalem by the hand of Nebuchadnezzar.
Luke 3:11	He answers and said to them, He that has two coats, let him impart to him that has none; and he that has meat, let him do likewise.
2 Samuel 13:25	And the king said to Absalom, No, my son, let us not all now go, lest we be chargeable to you. And he pressed him: however, he would not go, but blessed him.
Numbers 1:7	Of Judah; Nahshon the son of Amminadab.
Deuteronomy 9:7	Remember, and forget not, how you provoked the LORD your God to wrath in the wilderness: from the day that you did depart out of the land of Egypt, until you came to this place, you have been rebellious against the LORD.
Proverbs 28:15	As a roaring lion, and a ranging bear; so is a wicked ruler over the poor people.
Joshua 22:8	And he spoke to them, saying, Return with much riches to your tents, and with very much cattle, with silver, and with gold, and with brass, and with iron, and with very much raiment: divide the spoil of your enemies with your brothers.
Numbers 23:18	And he took up his parable, and said, Rise up, Balak, and hear; listen to me, you son of Zippor:
Job 20:8	He shall fly away as a dream, and shall not be found: yes, he shall be chased away as a vision of the night.
Revelation 19:18	That you may eat the flesh of kings, and the flesh of captains, and the flesh of mighty men, and the flesh of horses, and of them that sit on them, and the flesh of all men, both free and bond, both small and great.
Acts 8:32	The place of the scripture which he read was this, He was led as a sheep to the slaughter; and like a lamb dumb before his shearer, so opened he not his mouth:
Daniel 7:2	Daniel spoke and said, I saw in my vision by night, and, behold, the four winds of the heaven strove on the great sea.
Deuteronomy 2:21	A people great, and many, and tall, as the Anakims; but the LORD destroyed them before them; and they succeeded them, and dwelled in their stead:
Nehemiah 9:10	And showed signs and wonders on Pharaoh, and on all his servants, and on all the people of his land: for you knew that they dealt proudly against them. So did you get you a name, as it is this day.
2 Samuel 17:20	And when Absalom’s servants came to the woman to the house, they said, Where is Ahimaaz and Jonathan? And the woman said to them, They be gone over the brook of water. And when they had sought and could not find them, they returned to Jerusalem.
Ecclesiastes 2:23	For all his days are sorrows, and his travail grief; yes, his heart takes not rest in the night. This is also vanity.
Genesis 31:18	And he carried away all his cattle, and all his goods which he had gotten, the cattle of his getting, which he had gotten in Padanaram, for to go to Isaac his father in the land of Canaan.
1 Corinthians 2:8	Which none of the princes of this world knew: for had they known it, they would not have crucified the Lord of glory.
1 Chronicles 15:24	And Shebaniah, and Jehoshaphat, and Nethaneel, and Amasai, and Zechariah, and Benaiah, and Eliezer, the priests, did blow with the trumpets before the ark of God: and Obededom and Jehiah were doorkeepers for the ark.
Romans 9:28	For he will finish the work, and cut it short in righteousness: because a short work will the Lord make on the earth.
Genesis 41:2	And, behold, there came up out of the river seven well favored cows and fat; and they fed in a meadow.
Isaiah 43:23	You have not brought me the small cattle of your burnt offerings; neither have you honored me with your sacrifices. I have not caused you to serve with an offering, nor wearied you with incense.
Joshua 24:9	Then Balak the son of Zippor, king of Moab, arose and warred against Israel, and sent and called Balaam the son of Beor to curse you:
Ezekiel 41:15	And he measured the length of the building over against the separate place which was behind it, and the galleries thereof on the one side and on the other side, an hundred cubits, with the inner temple, and the porches of the court;
Psalm 118:25	Save now, I beseech you, O LORD: O LORD, I beseech you, send now prosperity.
2 Kings 25:9	And he burnt the house of the LORD, and the king’s house, and all the houses of Jerusalem, and every great man’s house burnt he with fire.
1 Chronicles 26:4	Moreover the sons of Obededom were, Shemaiah the firstborn, Jehozabad the second, Joah the third, and Sacar the fourth, and Nethaneel the fifth.
Ezekiel 23:33	You shall be filled with drunkenness and sorrow, with the cup of astonishment and desolation, with the cup of your sister Samaria.
1 Samuel 17:22	And David left his carriage in the hand of the keeper of the carriage, and ran into the army, and came and saluted his brothers.
Job 34:3	For the ear tries words, as the mouth tastes meat.
John 10:27	My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me:
Genesis 44:32	For your servant became surety for the lad to my father, saying, If I bring him not to you, then I shall bear the blame to my father for ever.
Ephesians 5:20	Giving thanks always for all things to God and the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ;
2 Thessalonians 2:11	And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion, that they should believe a lie:
Ezekiel 30:21	Son of man, I have broken the arm of Pharaoh king of Egypt; and, see, it shall not be bound up to be healed, to put a roller to bind it, to make it strong to hold the sword.
Romans 1:3	Concerning his Son Jesus Christ our Lord, which was made of the seed of David according to the flesh;
Deuteronomy 11:11	But the land, where you go to possess it, is a land of hills and valleys, and drinks water of the rain of heaven:
Luke 22:37	For I say to you, that this that is written must yet be accomplished in me, And he was reckoned among the transgressors: for the things concerning me have an end.
Hosea 9:4	They shall not offer wine offerings to the LORD, neither shall they be pleasing to him: their sacrifices shall be to them as the bread of mourners; all that eat thereof shall be polluted: for their bread for their soul shall not come into the house of the LORD.
2 Corinthians 12:14	Behold, the third time I am ready to come to you; and I will not be burdensome to you: for I seek not yours but you: for the children ought not to lay up for the parents, but the parents for the children.
Luke 24:27	And beginning at Moses and all the prophets, he expounded to them in all the scriptures the things concerning himself.
Psalm 146:1	Praise you the LORD. Praise the LORD, O my soul.
Ezekiel 43:27	And when these days are expired, it shall be, that on the eighth day, and so forward, the priests shall make your burnt offerings on the altar, and your peace offerings; and I will accept you, said the Lord GOD.
Leviticus 1:11	And he shall kill it on the side of the altar northward before the LORD: and the priests, Aaron’s sons, shall sprinkle his blood round about on the altar.
2 Peter 3:8	But, beloved, be not ignorant of this one thing, that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day.
Proverbs 30:20	Such is the way of an adulterous woman; she eats, and wipes her mouth, and said, I have done no wickedness.
Matthew 13:18	Hear you therefore the parable of the sower.
Galatians 5:12	I would they were even cut off which trouble you.
Genesis 5:8	And all the days of Seth were nine hundred and twelve years: and he died.
Jeremiah 32:10	And I subscribed the evidence, and sealed it, and took witnesses, and weighed him the money in the balances.
1 Corinthians 14:38	But if any man be ignorant, let him be ignorant.
Matthew 19:9	And I say to you, Whoever shall put away his wife, except it be for fornication, and shall marry another, commits adultery: and whoever marries her which is put away does commit adultery.
Judges 1:20	And they gave Hebron to Caleb, as Moses said: and he expelled there the three sons of Anak.
Psalm 119:164	Seven times a day do I praise you because of your righteous judgments.
Exodus 7:18	And the fish that is in the river shall die, and the river shall stink; and the Egyptians shall loathe to drink of the water of the river.
Acts 1:6	When they therefore were come together, they asked of him, saying, Lord, will you at this time restore again the kingdom to Israel?
Psalm 56:10	In God will I praise his word: in the LORD will I praise his word.
Ezekiel 37:11	Then he said to me, Son of man, these bones are the whole house of Israel: behold, they say, Our bones are dried, and our hope is lost: we are cut off for our parts.
1 Corinthians 15:12	Now if Christ be preached that he rose from the dead, how say some among you that there is no resurrection of the dead?
Exodus 40:22	And he put the table in the tent of the congregation, on the side of the tabernacle northward, without the veil.
Genesis 36:25	And the children of Anah were these; Dishon, and Aholibamah the daughter of Anah.
Acts 9:15	But the Lord said to him, Go your way: for he is a chosen vessel to me, to bear my name before the Gentiles, and kings, and the children of Israel:
1 Kings 10:1	And when the queen of Sheba heard of the fame of Solomon concerning the name of the LORD, she came to prove him with hard questions.
Numbers 2:15	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were forty and five thousand and six hundred and fifty.
Proverbs 5:3	For the lips of a strange woman drop as an honeycomb, and her mouth is smoother than oil:
Exodus 2:19	And they said, An Egyptian delivered us out of the hand of the shepherds, and also drew water enough for us, and watered the flock.
Ezekiel 27:29	And all that handle the oar, the mariners, and all the pilots of the sea, shall come down from their ships, they shall stand on the land;
1 Samuel 16:7	But the LORD said to Samuel, Look not on his countenance, or on the height of his stature; because I have refused him: for the LORD sees not as man sees; for man looks on the outward appearance, but the LORD looks on the heart.
Luke 21:24	And they shall fall by the edge of the sword, and shall be led away captive into all nations: and Jerusalem shall be trodden down of the Gentiles, until the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled.
Psalm 86:8	Among the gods there is none like to you, O Lord; neither are there any works like to your works.
Jonah 4:10	Then said the LORD, You have had pity on the gourd, for the which you have not labored, neither made it grow; which came up in a night, and perished in a night:
Habakkuk 1:1	The burden which Habakkuk the prophet did see.
Lamentations 4:2	The precious sons of Zion, comparable to fine gold, how are they esteemed as earthen pitchers, the work of the hands of the potter!
Proverbs 13:21	Evil pursues sinners: but to the righteous good shall be repaid.
Acts 17:18	Then certain philosophers of the Epicureans, and of the Stoicks, encountered him. And some said, What will this babbler say? other some, He seems to be a setter forth of strange gods: because he preached to them Jesus, and the resurrection.
Ezekiel 26:7	For thus said the Lord GOD; Behold, I will bring on Tyrus Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, a king of kings, from the north, with horses, and with chariots, and with horsemen, and companies, and much people.
1 Samuel 28:9	And the woman said to him, Behold, you know what Saul has done, how he has cut off those that have familiar spirits, and the wizards, out of the land: why then lay you a snare for my life, to cause me to die?
Proverbs 14:21	He that despises his neighbor sins: but he that has mercy on the poor, happy is he.
1 Chronicles 6:50	And these are the sons of Aaron; Eleazar his son, Phinehas his son, Abishua his son,
Genesis 43:8	And Judah said to Israel his father, Send the lad with me, and we will arise and go; that we may live, and not die, both we, and you, and also our little ones.
Ezekiel 40:36	The little chambers thereof, the posts thereof, and the arches thereof, and the windows to it round about: the length was fifty cubits, and the breadth five and twenty cubits.
Isaiah 43:28	Therefore I have profaned the princes of the sanctuary, and have given Jacob to the curse, and Israel to reproaches.
Psalm 119:155	Salvation is far from the wicked: for they seek not your statutes.
Luke 24:26	Ought not Christ to have suffered these things, and to enter into his glory?
1 Samuel 30:30	And to them which were in Hormah, and to them which were in Chorashan, and to them which were in Athach,
Judges 13:10	And the woman made haste, and ran, and showed her husband, and said to him, Behold, the man has appeared to me, that came to me the other day.
2 Chronicles 34:7	And when he had broken down the altars and the groves, and had beaten the graven images into powder, and cut down all the idols throughout all the land of Israel, he returned to Jerusalem.
Psalm 39:3	My heart was hot within me, while I was musing the fire burned: then spoke I with my tongue,
Daniel 6:2	And over these three presidents; of whom Daniel was first: that the princes might give accounts to them, and the king should have no damage.
Deuteronomy 4:18	The likeness of any thing that creeps on the ground, the likeness of any fish that is in the waters beneath the earth:
2 Kings 20:21	And Hezekiah slept with his fathers: and Manasseh his son reigned in his stead.
Mark 3:11	And unclean spirits, when they saw him, fell down before him, and cried, saying, You are the Son of God.
1 Corinthians 16:11	Let no man therefore despise him: but conduct him forth in peace, that he may come to me: for I look for him with the brothers.
Proverbs 13:11	Wealth gotten by vanity shall be diminished: but he that gathers by labor shall increase.
Revelation 11:14	The second woe is past; and, behold, the third woe comes quickly.
Genesis 37:34	And Jacob rent his clothes, and put sackcloth on his loins, and mourned for his son many days.
Joshua 8:28	And Joshua burnt Ai, and made it an heap for ever, even a desolation to this day.
1 Chronicles 7:33	And the sons of Japhlet; Pasach, and Bimhal, and Ashvath. These are the children of Japhlet.
Luke 9:44	Let these sayings sink down into your ears: for the Son of man shall be delivered into the hands of men.
2 Kings 25:3	And on the ninth day of the fourth month the famine prevailed in the city, and there was no bread for the people of the land.
Deuteronomy 28:7	The LORD shall cause your enemies that rise up against you to be smitten before your face: they shall come out against you one way, and flee before you seven ways.
John 18:3	Judas then, having received a band of men and officers from the chief priests and Pharisees, comes thither with lanterns and torches and weapons.
2 Samuel 1:25	How are the mighty fallen in the middle of the battle! O Jonathan, you were slain in your high places.
Acts 28:2	And the barbarous people showed us no little kindness: for they kindled a fire, and received us every one, because of the present rain, and because of the cold.
Ezekiel 37:19	Say to them, Thus said the Lord GOD; Behold, I will take the stick of Joseph, which is in the hand of Ephraim, and the tribes of Israel his fellows, and will put them with him, even with the stick of Judah, and make them one stick, and they shall be one in my hand.
Judges 12:5	And the Gileadites took the passages of Jordan before the Ephraimites: and it was so, that when those Ephraimites which were escaped said, Let me go over; that the men of Gilead said to him, Are you an Ephraimite? If he said, No;
Isaiah 48:3	I have declared the former things from the beginning; and they went forth out of my mouth, and I showed them; I did them suddenly, and they came to pass.
1 Kings 14:18	And they buried him; and all Israel mourned for him, according to the word of the LORD, which he spoke by the hand of his servant Ahijah the prophet.
Galatians 5:16	This I say then, Walk in the Spirit, and you shall not fulfill the lust of the flesh.
Exodus 25:17	And you shall make a mercy seat of pure gold: two cubits and a half shall be the length thereof, and a cubit and a half the breadth thereof.
Ezra 7:24	Also we certify you, that touching any of the priests and Levites, singers, porters, Nethinims, or ministers of this house of God, it shall not be lawful to impose toll, tribute, or custom, on them.
Ezekiel 23:23	The Babylonians, and all the Chaldeans, Pekod, and Shoa, and Koa, and all the Assyrians with them: all of them desirable young men, captains and rulers, great lords and renowned, all of them riding on horses.
Ezekiel 18:30	Therefore I will judge you, O house of Israel, every one according to his ways, said the Lord GOD. Repent, and turn yourselves from all your transgressions; so iniquity shall not be your ruin.
Isaiah 35:5	Then the eyes of the blind shall be opened, and the ears of the deaf shall be unstopped.
Deuteronomy 1:42	And the LORD said to me, Say to them. Go not up, neither fight; for I am not among you; lest you be smitten before your enemies.
Proverbs 4:4	He taught me also, and said to me, Let your heart retain my words: keep my commandments, and live.
Job 19:15	They that dwell in my house, and my maids, count me for a stranger: I am an alien in their sight.
Isaiah 1:2	Hear, O heavens, and give ear, O earth: for the LORD has spoken, I have nourished and brought up children, and they have rebelled against me.
Joshua 10:35	And they took it on that day, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and all the souls that were therein he utterly destroyed that day, according to all that he had done to Lachish.
John 8:43	Why do you not understand my speech? even because you cannot hear my word.
Luke 2:19	But Mary kept all these things, and pondered them in her heart.
Zechariah 10:8	I will hiss for them, and gather them; for I have redeemed them: and they shall increase as they have increased.
Leviticus 5:12	Then shall he bring it to the priest, and the priest shall take his handful of it, even a memorial thereof, and burn it on the altar, according to the offerings made by fire to the LORD: it is a sin offering.
Job 5:25	You shall know also that your seed shall be great, and your offspring as the grass of the earth.
Leviticus 13:10	And the priest shall see him: and, behold, if the rising be white in the skin, and it have turned the hair white, and there be quick raw flesh in the rising;
Revelation 1:18	I am he that lives, and was dead; and, behold, I am alive for ever more, Amen; and have the keys of hell and of death.
Ezekiel 41:4	So he measured the length thereof, twenty cubits; and the breadth, twenty cubits, before the temple: and he said to me, This is the most holy place.
Leviticus 13:13	Then the priest shall consider: and, behold, if the leprosy have covered all his flesh, he shall pronounce him clean that has the plague: it is all turned white: he is clean.
Psalm 130:8	And he shall redeem Israel from all his iniquities.
2 Chronicles 33:14	Now after this he built a wall without the city of David, on the west side of Gihon, in the valley, even to the entering in at the fish gate, and compassed about Ophel, and raised it up a very great height, and put captains of war in all the fenced cities of Judah.
Acts 19:29	And the whole city was filled with confusion: and having caught Gaius and Aristarchus, men of Macedonia, Paul’s companions in travel, they rushed with one accord into the theatre.
Isaiah 22:20	And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will call my servant Eliakim the son of Hilkiah:
Ezra 1:9	And this is the number of them: thirty chargers of gold, a thousand chargers of silver, nine and twenty knives,
Daniel 12:7	And I heard the man clothed in linen, which was on the waters of the river, when he held up his right hand and his left hand to heaven, and swore by him that lives for ever that it shall be for a time, times, and an half; and when he shall have accomplished to scatter the power of the holy people, all these things shall be finished.
Romans 12:21	Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good.
Matthew 18:15	Moreover if your brother shall trespass against you, go and tell him his fault between you and him alone: if he shall hear you, you have gained your brother.
John 4:35	Say not you, There are yet four months, and then comes harvest? behold, I say to you, Lift up your eyes, and look on the fields; for they are white already to harvest.
Psalm 119:98	You through your commandments have made me wiser than my enemies: for they are ever with me.
Exodus 20:3	You shall have no other gods before me.
Job 21:3	Suffer me that I may speak; and after that I have spoken, mock on.
2 Peter 3:6	Whereby the world that then was, being overflowed with water, perished:
Exodus 26:20	And for the second side of the tabernacle on the north side there shall be twenty boards:
Ezekiel 48:19	And they that serve the city shall serve it out of all the tribes of Israel.
2 Timothy 2:16	But shun profane and vain babblings: for they will increase to more ungodliness.
Job 10:10	Have you not poured me out as milk, and curdled me like cheese?
Psalm 51:3	For I acknowledge my transgressions: and my sin is ever before me.
Jeremiah 29:30	Then came the word of the LORD to Jeremiah, saying,
1 Thessalonians 5:10	Who died for us, that, whether we wake or sleep, we should live together with him.
Acts 8:11	And to him they had regard, because that of long time he had bewitched them with sorceries.
1 Peter 4:4	Wherein they think it strange that you run not with them to the same excess of riot, speaking evil of you:
Proverbs 29:23	A man’s pride shall bring him low: but honor shall uphold the humble in spirit.
Judges 13:6	Then the woman came and told her husband, saying, A man of God came to me, and his countenance was like the countenance of an angel of God, very terrible: but I asked him not from where he was, neither told he me his name:
Exodus 35:3	You shall kindle no fire throughout your habitations on the sabbath day.
1 Kings 19:14	And he said, I have been very jealous for the LORD God of hosts: because the children of Israel have forsaken your covenant, thrown down your altars, and slain your prophets with the sword; and I, even I only, am left; and they seek my life, to take it away.
Judges 18:7	Then the five men departed, and came to Laish, and saw the people that were therein, how they dwelled careless, after the manner of the Zidonians, quiet and secure; and there was no magistrate in the land, that might put them to shame in any thing; and they were far from the Zidonians, and had no business with any man.
1 Corinthians 11:4	Every man praying or prophesying, having his head covered, dishonors his head.
Jeremiah 21:3	Then said Jeremiah to them, Thus shall you say to Zedekiah:
2 Chronicles 11:1	And when Rehoboam was come to Jerusalem, he gathered of the house of Judah and Benjamin an hundred and fourscore thousand chosen men, which were warriors, to fight against Israel, that he might bring the kingdom again to Rehoboam.
Numbers 13:11	Of the tribe of Joseph, namely, of the tribe of Manasseh, Gaddi the son of Susi.
Ezekiel 15:1	And the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Job 28:20	From where then comes wisdom? and where is the place of understanding?
2 Kings 17:26	Why they spoke to the king of Assyria, saying, The nations which you have removed, and placed in the cities of Samaria, know not the manner of the God of the land: therefore he has sent lions among them, and, behold, they slay them, because they know not the manner of the God of the land.
2 Timothy 3:15	And that from a child you have known the holy scriptures, which are able to make you wise to salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus.
2 Kings 6:6	And the man of God said, Where fell it? And he showed him the place. And he cut down a stick, and cast it in thither; and the iron did swim.
2 Chronicles 24:1	Joash was seven years old when he began to reign, and he reigned forty years in Jerusalem. His mother’s name also was Zibiah of Beersheba.
Lamentations 4:16	The anger of the LORD has divided them; he will no more regard them: they respected not the persons of the priests, they favored not the elders.
Luke 22:63	And the men that held Jesus mocked him, and smote him.
John 18:9	That the saying might be fulfilled, which he spoke, Of them which you gave me have I lost none.
Psalm 18:37	I have pursued my enemies, and overtaken them: neither did I turn again till they were consumed.
Psalm 74:11	Why withdraw you your hand, even your right hand? pluck it out of your bosom.
1 Chronicles 3:22	And the sons of Shechaniah; Shemaiah: and the sons of Shemaiah; Hattush, and Igeal, and Bariah, and Neariah, and Shaphat, six.
Proverbs 26:23	Burning lips and a wicked heart are like a potsherd covered with silver dross.
Amos 7:2	And it came to pass, that when they had made an end of eating the grass of the land, then I said, O Lord GOD, forgive, I beseech you: by whom shall Jacob arise? for he is small.
1 Samuel 18:26	And when his servants told David these words, it pleased David well to be the king’s son in law: and the days were not expired.
2 Chronicles 31:20	And thus did Hezekiah throughout all Judah, and worked that which was good and right and truth before the LORD his God.
Psalm 18:39	For you have girded me with strength to the battle: you have subdued under me those that rose up against me.
Nehemiah 11:8	And after him Gabbai, Sallai, nine hundred twenty and eight.
Hosea 13:16	Samaria shall become desolate; for she has rebelled against her God: they shall fall by the sword: their infants shall be dashed in pieces, and their women with child shall be ripped up.
1 Corinthians 3:23	And you are Christ’s; and Christ is God’s.
Judges 12:1	And the men of Ephraim gathered themselves together, and went northward, and said to Jephthah, Why passed you over to fight against the children of Ammon, and did not call us to go with you? we will burn your house on you with fire.
Numbers 24:5	How goodly are your tents, O Jacob, and your tabernacles, O Israel!
Genesis 18:17	And the LORD said, Shall I hide from Abraham that thing which I do;
1 Chronicles 27:6	This is that Benaiah, who was mighty among the thirty, and above the thirty: and in his course was Ammizabad his son.
John 1:4	In him was life; and the life was the light of men.
1 Samuel 2:20	And Eli blessed Elkanah and his wife, and said, The LORD give you seed of this woman for the loan which is lent to the LORD. And they went to their own home.
Exodus 12:49	One law shall be to him that is home born, and to the stranger that sojournes among you.
Deuteronomy 18:22	When a prophet speaks in the name of the LORD, if the thing follow not, nor come to pass, that is the thing which the LORD has not spoken, but the prophet has spoken it presumptuously: you shall not be afraid of him.
Matthew 25:26	His lord answered and said to him, You wicked and slothful servant, you knew that I reap where I sowed not, and gather where I have not strewed:
Genesis 9:3	Every moving thing that lives shall be meat for you; even as the green herb have I given you all things.
Psalm 98:9	Before the LORD; for he comes to judge the earth: with righteousness shall he judge the world, and the people with equity.
Psalm 85:11	Truth shall spring out of the earth; and righteousness shall look down from heaven.
Jeremiah 34:4	Yet hear the word of the LORD, O Zedekiah king of Judah; Thus said the LORD of you, You shall not die by the sword:
Numbers 33:6	And they departed from Succoth, and pitched in Etham, which is in the edge of the wilderness.
Leviticus 14:10	And on the eighth day he shall take two he lambs without blemish, and one ewe lamb of the first year without blemish, and three tenth deals of fine flour for a meat offering, mingled with oil, and one log of oil.
1 Kings 19:6	And he looked, and, behold, there was a cake baked on the coals, and a cruse of water at his head. And he did eat and drink, and laid him down again.
Psalm 119:24	Your testimonies also are my delight and my counsellors.
1 Corinthians 11:25	After the same manner also he took the cup, when he had supped, saying, This cup is the new testament in my blood: this do you, as oft as you drink it, in remembrance of me.
John 11:31	The Jews then which were with her in the house, and comforted her, when they saw Mary, that she rose up hastily and went out, followed her, saying, She goes to the grave to weep there.
Romans 2:15	Which show the work of the law written in their hearts, their conscience also bearing witness, and their thoughts the mean while accusing or else excusing one another;)
Job 7:10	He shall return no more to his house, neither shall his place know him any more.
Ephesians 6:3	That it may be well with you, and you may live long on the earth.
Mark 14:28	But after that I am risen, I will go before you into Galilee.
1 Chronicles 26:29	Of the Izharites, Chenaniah and his sons were for the outward business over Israel, for officers and judges.
Luke 23:42	And he said to Jesus, Lord, remember me when you come into your kingdom.
Proverbs 4:26	Ponder the path of your feet, and let all your ways be established.
Proverbs 16:30	He shuts his eyes to devise fraudulent things: moving his lips he brings evil to pass.
Ezra 10:4	Arise; for this matter belongs to you: we also will be with you: be of good courage, and do it.
Genesis 4:14	Behold, you have driven me out this day from the face of the earth; and from your face shall I be hid; and I shall be a fugitive and a vagabond in the earth; and it shall come to pass, that every one that finds me shall slay me.
Mark 16:6	And he said to them, Be not affrighted: You seek Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucified: he is risen; he is not here: behold the place where they laid him.
Exodus 25:3	And this is the offering which you shall take of them; gold, and silver, and brass,
Isaiah 7:13	And he said, Hear you now, O house of David; Is it a small thing for you to weary men, but will you weary my God also?
Genesis 35:1	And God said to Jacob, Arise, go up to Bethel, and dwell there: and make there an altar to God, that appeared to you when you fled from the face of Esau your brother.
1 Chronicles 17:22	For your people Israel did you make your own people for ever; and you, LORD, became their God.
Genesis 41:44	And Pharaoh said to Joseph, I am Pharaoh, and without you shall no man lift up his hand or foot in all the land of Egypt.
Galatians 5:8	This persuasion comes not of him that calls you.
Isaiah 13:13	Therefore I will shake the heavens, and the earth shall remove out of her place, in the wrath of the LORD of hosts, and in the day of his fierce anger.
1 Chronicles 12:9	Ezer the first, Obadiah the second, Eliab the third,
Isaiah 44:6	Thus said the LORD the King of Israel, and his redeemer the LORD of hosts; I am the first, and I am the last; and beside me there is no God.
Hebrews 6:5	And have tasted the good word of God, and the powers of the world to come,
2 Chronicles 8:13	Even after a certain rate every day, offering according to the commandment of Moses, on the sabbaths, and on the new moons, and on the solemn feasts, three times in the year, even in the feast of unleavened bread, and in the feast of weeks, and in the feast of tabernacles.
Revelation 14:16	And he that sat on the cloud thrust in his sickle on the earth; and the earth was reaped.
2 Chronicles 23:1	And in the seventh year Jehoiada strengthened himself, and took the captains of hundreds, Azariah the son of Jeroham, and Ishmael the son of Jehohanan, and Azariah the son of Obed, and Maaseiah the son of Adaiah, and Elishaphat the son of Zichri, into covenant with him.
1 Chronicles 4:11	And Chelub the brother of Shuah begat Mehir, which was the father of Eshton.
Job 18:10	The snare is laid for him in the ground, and a trap for him in the way.
Acts 2:36	Therefore let all the house of Israel know assuredly, that God has made the same Jesus, whom you have crucified, both Lord and Christ.
Acts 7:32	Saying, I am the God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. Then Moses trembled, and dared not behold.
Ezekiel 7:15	The sword is without, and the pestilence and the famine within: he that is in the field shall die with the sword; and he that is in the city, famine and pestilence shall devour him.
Genesis 20:16	And to Sarah he said, Behold, I have given your brother a thousand pieces of silver: behold, he is to you a covering of the eyes, to all that are with you, and with all other: thus she was reproved.
1 Samuel 20:16	So Jonathan made a covenant with the house of David, saying, Let the LORD even require it at the hand of David’s enemies.
Joshua 21:38	And out of the tribe of Gad, Ramoth in Gilead with her suburbs, to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and Mahanaim with her suburbs,
Psalm 70:2	Let them be ashamed and confounded that seek after my soul: let them be turned backward, and put to confusion, that desire my hurt.
Nehemiah 7:32	The men of Bethel and Ai, an hundred twenty and three.
Matthew 7:18	A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit.
Genesis 40:12	And Joseph said to him, This is the interpretation of it: The three branches are three days:
Genesis 5:21	And Enoch lived sixty and five years, and begat Methuselah:
1 Corinthians 15:51	Behold, I show you a mystery; We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed,
1 Kings 18:24	And call you on the name of your gods, and I will call on the name of the LORD: and the God that answers by fire, let him be God. And all the people answered and said, It is well spoken.
Proverbs 7:11	(She is loud and stubborn; her feet abide not in her house:
Psalm 42:1	As the hart pants after the water brooks, so pants my soul after you, O God.
Psalm 1:6	For the LORD knows the way of the righteous: but the way of the ungodly shall perish.
Matthew 19:10	His disciples say to him, If the case of the man be so with his wife, it is not good to marry.
2 Timothy 4:12	And Tychicus have I sent to Ephesus.
Acts 23:19	Then the chief captain took him by the hand, and went with him aside privately, and asked him, What is that you have to tell me?
Jeremiah 35:1	The word which came to Jeremiah from the LORD in the days of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, saying,
Joshua 3:4	Yet there shall be a space between you and it, about two thousand cubits by measure: come not near to it, that you may know the way by which you must go: for you have not passed this way heretofore.
Acts 8:18	And when Simon saw that through laying on of the apostles’ hands the Holy Ghost was given, he offered them money,
Acts 24:8	Commanding his accusers to come to you: by examining of whom yourself may take knowledge of all these things, whereof we accuse him.
Psalm 68:11	The Lord gave the word: great was the company of those that published it.
Psalm 50:8	I will not reprove you for your sacrifices or your burnt offerings, to have been continually before me.
Deuteronomy 6:16	You shall not tempt the LORD your God, as you tempted him in Massah.
2 Kings 2:7	And fifty men of the sons of the prophets went, and stood to view afar off: and they two stood by Jordan.
Hosea 11:8	How shall I give you up, Ephraim? how shall I deliver you, Israel? how shall I make you as Admah? how shall I set you as Zeboim? my heart is turned within me, my repentings are kindled together.
Matthew 27:64	Command therefore that the sepulcher be made sure until the third day, lest his disciples come by night, and steal him away, and say to the people, He is risen from the dead: so the last error shall be worse than the first.
1 Kings 19:18	Yet I have left me seven thousand in Israel, all the knees which have not bowed to Baal, and every mouth which has not kissed him.
Genesis 44:15	And Joseph said to them, What deed is this that you have done? know you not that such a man as I can certainly divine?
Exodus 4:26	So he let him go: then she said, A bloody husband you are, because of the circumcision.
Numbers 32:23	But if you will not do so, behold, you have sinned against the LORD: and be sure your sin will find you out.
Isaiah 60:4	Lift up your eyes round about, and see: all they gather themselves together, they come to you: your sons shall come from far, and your daughters shall be nursed at your side.
Lamentations 3:13	He has caused the arrows of his quiver to enter into my reins.
2 Samuel 3:9	So do God to Abner, and more also, except, as the LORD has sworn to David, even so I do to him;
Jeremiah 48:25	The horn of Moab is cut off, and his arm is broken, said the LORD.
Deuteronomy 7:22	And the LORD your God will put out those nations before you by little and little: you may not consume them at once, lest the beasts of the field increase on you.
Jeremiah 45:4	Thus shall you say to him, The LORD said thus; Behold, that which I have built will I break down, and that which I have planted I will pluck up, even this whole land.
Ezekiel 20:24	Because they had not executed my judgments, but had despised my statutes, and had polluted my sabbaths, and their eyes were after their fathers’ idols.
Romans 3:19	Now we know that what things soever the law said, it said to them who are under the law: that every mouth may be stopped, and all the world may become guilty before God.
2 Kings 25:27	And it came to pass in the seven and thirtieth year of the captivity of Jehoiachin king of Judah, in the twelfth month, on the seven and twentieth day of the month, that Evilmerodach king of Babylon in the year that he began to reign did lift up the head of Jehoiachin king of Judah out of prison;
Joshua 10:21	And all the people returned to the camp to Joshua at Makkedah in peace: none moved his tongue against any of the children of Israel.
Nahum 3:16	You have multiplied your merchants above the stars of heaven: the cankerworm spoils, and flees away.
Ezekiel 39:24	According to their uncleanness and according to their transgressions have I done to them, and hid my face from them.
Psalm 89:23	And I will beat down his foes before his face, and plague them that hate him.
Zephaniah 2:3	Seek you the LORD, all you meek of the earth, which have worked his judgment; seek righteousness, seek meekness: it may be you shall be hid in the day of the LORD’s anger.
1 Chronicles 2:32	And the sons of Jada the brother of Shammai; Jether, and Jonathan: and Jether died without children.
Genesis 32:20	And say you moreover, Behold, your servant Jacob is behind us. For he said, I will appease him with the present that goes before me, and afterward I will see his face; peradventure he will accept of me.
1 Kings 2:37	For it shall be, that on the day you go out, and pass over the brook Kidron, you shall know for certain that you shall surely die: your blood shall be on your own head.
Jeremiah 41:6	And Ishmael the son of Nethaniah went forth from Mizpah to meet them, weeping all along as he went: and it came to pass, as he met them, he said to them, Come to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam.
1 Chronicles 2:25	And the sons of Jerahmeel the firstborn of Hezron were, Ram the firstborn, and Bunah, and Oren, and Ozem, and Ahijah.
Ezekiel 44:26	And after he is cleansed, they shall reckon to him seven days.
Ezekiel 10:17	When they stood, these stood; and when they were lifted up, these lifted up themselves also: for the spirit of the living creature was in them.
Psalm 23:5	You prepare a table before me in the presence of my enemies: you anoint my head with oil; my cup runs over.
Zephaniah 1:13	Therefore their goods shall become a booty, and their houses a desolation: they shall also build houses, but not inhabit them; and they shall plant vineyards, but not drink the wine thereof.
Joshua 4:6	That this may be a sign among you, that when your children ask their fathers in time to come, saying, What mean you by these stones?
Numbers 9:4	And Moses spoke to the children of Israel, that they should keep the passover.
John 13:16	Truly, truly, I say to you, The servant is not greater than his lord; neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him.
Numbers 25:17	Vex the Midianites, and smite them:
Matthew 17:3	And, behold, there appeared to them Moses and Elias talking with him.
Jeremiah 19:5	They have built also the high places of Baal, to burn their sons with fire for burnt offerings to Baal, which I commanded not, nor spoke it, neither came it into my mind:
1 Timothy 6:18	That they do good, that they be rich in good works, ready to distribute, willing to communicate;
Proverbs 9:8	Reprove not a scorner, lest he hate you: rebuke a wise man, and he will love you.
Proverbs 3:26	For the LORD shall be your confidence, and shall keep your foot from being taken.
John 4:17	The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said to her, You have well said, I have no husband:
Hosea 10:15	So shall Bethel do to you because of your great wickedness: in a morning shall the king of Israel utterly be cut off.
Proverbs 10:11	The mouth of a righteous man is a well of life: but violence covers the mouth of the wicked.
Leviticus 25:6	And the sabbath of the land shall be meat for you; for you, and for your servant, and for your maid, and for your hired servant, and for your stranger that sojournes with you.
1 Kings 22:43	And he walked in all the ways of Asa his father; he turned not aside from it, doing that which was right in the eyes of the LORD: nevertheless the high places were not taken away; for the people offered and burnt incense yet in the high places.
Romans 7:2	For the woman which has an husband is bound by the law to her husband so long as he lives; but if the husband be dead, she is loosed from the law of her husband.
Genesis 27:22	And Jacob went near to Isaac his father; and he felt him, and said, The voice is Jacob’s voice, but the hands are the hands of Esau.
Malachi 3:9	You are cursed with a curse: for you have robbed me, even this whole nation.
2 Chronicles 28:9	But a prophet of the LORD was there, whose name was Oded: and he went out before the host that came to Samaria, and said to them, Behold, because the LORD God of your fathers was wroth with Judah, he has delivered them into your hand, and you have slain them in a rage that reaches up to heaven.
Psalm 35:13	But as for me, when they were sick, my clothing was sackcloth: I humbled my soul with fasting; and my prayer returned into my own bosom.
1 Timothy 6:17	Charge them that are rich in this world, that they be not high minded, nor trust in uncertain riches, but in the living God, who gives us richly all things to enjoy;
Daniel 1:19	And the king communed with them; and among them all was found none like Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah: therefore stood they before the king.
Judges 16:11	And he said to her, If they bind me fast with new ropes that never were occupied, then shall I be weak, and be as another man.
Philippians 2:1	If there be therefore any consolation in Christ, if any comfort of love, if any fellowship of the Spirit, if any bowels and mercies,
2 Chronicles 23:16	And Jehoiada made a covenant between him, and between all the people, and between the king, that they should be the LORD’s people.
Hosea 14:8	Ephraim shall say, What have I to do any more with idols? I have heard him, and observed him: I am like a green fir tree. From me is your fruit found.
Joshua 10:34	And from Lachish Joshua passed to Eglon, and all Israel with him; and they encamped against it, and fought against it:
Romans 13:4	For he is the minister of God to you for good. But if you do that which is evil, be afraid; for he bears not the sword in vain: for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath on him that does evil.
Genesis 13:2	And Abram was very rich in cattle, in silver, and in gold.
Acts 2:18	And on my servants and on my handmaidens I will pour out in those days of my Spirit; and they shall prophesy:
Exodus 21:22	If men strive, and hurt a woman with child, so that her fruit depart from her, and yet no mischief follow: he shall be surely punished, according as the woman’s husband will lay on him; and he shall pay as the judges determine.
Hosea 1:6	And she conceived again, and bore a daughter. And God said to him, Call her name Loruhamah: for I will no more have mercy on the house of Israel; but I will utterly take them away.
Romans 9:3	For I could wish that myself were accursed from Christ for my brothers, my kinsmen according to the flesh:
1 Chronicles 18:7	And David took the shields of gold that were on the servants of Hadarezer, and brought them to Jerusalem.
Numbers 32:8	Thus did your fathers, when I sent them from Kadeshbarnea to see the land.
Proverbs 29:9	If a wise man contends with a foolish man, whether he rage or laugh, there is no rest.
1 Chronicles 4:13	And the sons of Kenaz; Othniel, and Seraiah: and the sons of Othniel; Hathath.
Proverbs 25:18	A man that bears false witness against his neighbor is a maul, and a sword, and a sharp arrow.
Exodus 38:7	And he put the staves into the rings on the sides of the altar, to bear it with; he made the altar hollow with boards.
Proverbs 19:16	He that keeps the commandment keeps his own soul; but he that despises his ways shall die.
Joshua 15:32	And Lebaoth, and Shilhim, and Ain, and Rimmon: all the cities are twenty and nine, with their villages:
Judges 7:12	And the Midianites and the Amalekites and all the children of the east lay along in the valley like grasshoppers for multitude; and their camels were without number, as the sand by the sea side for multitude.
Revelation 1:3	Blessed is he that reads, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein: for the time is at hand.
Genesis 36:11	And the sons of Eliphaz were Teman, Omar, Zepho, and Gatam, and Kenaz.
Deuteronomy 23:8	The children that are begotten of them shall enter into the congregation of the LORD in their third generation.
Job 2:4	And Satan answered the LORD, and said, Skin for skin, yes, all that a man has will he give for his life.
Job 6:3	For now it would be heavier than the sand of the sea: therefore my words are swallowed up.
Esther 1:17	For this deed of the queen shall come abroad to all women, so that they shall despise their husbands in their eyes, when it shall be reported, The king Ahasuerus commanded Vashti the queen to be brought in before him, but she came not.
Nehemiah 10:33	For the show bread, and for the continual meat offering, and for the continual burnt offering, of the sabbaths, of the new moons, for the set feasts, and for the holy things, and for the sin offerings to make an atonement for Israel, and for all the work of the house of our God.
Ezra 10:43	Of the sons of Nebo; Jeiel, Mattithiah, Zabad, Zebina, Jadau, and Joel, Benaiah.
Ezekiel 19:5	Now when she saw that she had waited, and her hope was lost, then she took another of her whelps, and made him a young lion.
Exodus 19:21	And the LORD said to Moses, Go down, charge the people, lest they break through to the LORD to gaze, and many of them perish.
Acts 7:13	And at the second time Joseph was made known to his brothers; and Joseph’s kindred was made known to Pharaoh.
Isaiah 31:7	For in that day every man shall cast away his idols of silver, and his idols of gold, which your own hands have made to you for a sin.
Psalm 135:21	Blessed be the LORD out of Zion, which dwells at Jerusalem. Praise you the LORD.
Ecclesiastes 2:15	Then said I in my heart, As it happens to the fool, so it happens even to me; and why was I then more wise? Then I said in my heart, that this also is vanity.
Numbers 33:44	And they departed from Oboth, and pitched in Ijeabarim, in the border of Moab.
Exodus 37:3	And he cast for it four rings of gold, to be set by the four corners of it; even two rings on the one side of it, and two rings on the other side of it.
Genesis 50:12	And his sons did to him according as he commanded them:
Exodus 40:19	And he spread abroad the tent over the tabernacle, and put the covering of the tent above on it; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Isaiah 44:3	For I will pour water on him that is thirsty, and floods on the dry ground: I will pour my spirit on your seed, and my blessing on your offspring:
Proverbs 20:30	The blueness of a wound cleans away evil: so do stripes the inward parts of the belly.
Psalm 107:11	Because they rebelled against the words of God, and contemned the counsel of the most High:
2 Chronicles 35:23	And the archers shot at king Josiah; and the king said to his servants, Have me away; for I am sore wounded.
1 Chronicles 19:8	And when David heard of it, he sent Joab, and all the host of the mighty men.
Jeremiah 20:10	For I heard the defaming of many, fear on every side. Report, say they, and we will report it. All my familiars watched for my halting, saying, Peradventure he will be enticed, and we shall prevail against him, and we shall take our revenge on him.
2 Corinthians 10:12	For we dare not make ourselves of the number, or compare ourselves with some that commend themselves: but they measuring themselves by themselves, and comparing themselves among themselves, are not wise.
Isaiah 30:17	One thousand shall flee at the rebuke of one; at the rebuke of five shall you flee: till you be left as a beacon on the top of a mountain, and as an ensign on an hill.
2 Kings 2:3	And the sons of the prophets that were at Bethel came forth to Elisha, and said to him, Know you that the LORD will take away your master from your head to day? And he said, Yes, I know it; hold you your peace.
Matthew 2:21	And he arose, and took the young child and his mother, and came into the land of Israel.
Leviticus 23:38	Beside the sabbaths of the LORD, and beside your gifts, and beside all your vows, and beside all your freewill offerings, which you give to the LORD.
Revelation 16:19	And the great city was divided into three parts, and the cities of the nations fell: and great Babylon came in remembrance before God, to give to her the cup of the wine of the fierceness of his wrath.
1 Corinthians 14:7	And even things without life giving sound, whether pipe or harp, except they give a distinction in the sounds, how shall it be known what is piped or harped?
Luke 20:30	And the second took her to wife, and he died childless.
Lamentations 4:7	Her Nazarites were purer than snow, they were whiter than milk, they were more ruddy in body than rubies, their polishing was of sapphire:
Genesis 26:14	For he had possession of flocks, and possession of herds, and great store of servants: and the Philistines envied him.
Matthew 22:26	Likewise the second also, and the third, to the seventh.
Psalm 107:14	He brought them out of darkness and the shadow of death, and broke their bands in sunder.
Judges 2:16	Nevertheless the LORD raised up judges, which delivered them out of the hand of those that spoiled them.
Ezra 6:14	And the elders of the Jews built, and they prospered through the prophesying of Haggai the prophet and Zechariah the son of Iddo. And they built, and finished it, according to the commandment of the God of Israel, and according to the commandment of Cyrus, and Darius, and Artaxerxes king of Persia.
Job 22:5	Is not your wickedness great? and your iniquities infinite?
Mark 3:17	And James the son of Zebedee, and John the brother of James; and he surnamed them Boanerges, which is, The sons of thunder:
Luke 24:47	And that repentance and remission of sins should be preached in his name among all nations, beginning at Jerusalem.
Psalm 136:3	O give thanks to the Lord of lords: for his mercy endures for ever.
1 Kings 21:25	But there was none like to Ahab, which did sell himself to work wickedness in the sight of the LORD, whom Jezebel his wife stirred up.
Numbers 14:12	I will smite them with the pestilence, and disinherit them, and will make of you a greater nation and mightier than they.
2 Kings 6:32	But Elisha sat in his house, and the elders sat with him; and the king sent a man from before him: but ere the messenger came to him, he said to the elders, See you how this son of a murderer has sent to take away my head? look, when the messenger comes, shut the door, and hold him fast at the door: is not the sound of his master’s feet behind him?
1 Kings 21:26	And he did very abominably in following idols, according to all things as did the Amorites, whom the LORD cast out before the children of Israel.
Psalm 33:4	For the word of the LORD is right; and all his works are done in truth.
Isaiah 26:15	You have increased the nation, O LORD, you have increased the nation: you are glorified: you had removed it far to all the ends of the earth.
Psalm 66:7	He rules by his power for ever; his eyes behold the nations: let not the rebellious exalt themselves. Selah.
Nehemiah 10:16	Adonijah, Bigvai, Adin,
Ezekiel 31:16	I made the nations to shake at the sound of his fall, when I cast him down to hell with them that descend into the pit: and all the trees of Eden, the choice and best of Lebanon, all that drink water, shall be comforted in the nether parts of the earth.
Ecclesiastes 11:2	Give a portion to seven, and also to eight; for you know not what evil shall be on the earth.
Isaiah 40:18	To whom then will you liken God? or what likeness will you compare to him?
Psalm 68:16	Why leap you, you high hills? this is the hill which God desires to dwell in; yes, the LORD will dwell in it for ever.
Psalm 138:4	All the kings of the earth shall praise you, O LORD, when they hear the words of your mouth.
Acts 1:4	And, being assembled together with them, commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the Father, which, said he, you have heard of me.
Job 42:14	And he called the name of the first, Jemima; and the name of the second, Kezia; and the name of the third, Kerenhappuch.
Jeremiah 35:10	But we have dwelled in tents, and have obeyed, and done according to all that Jonadab our father commanded us.
1 Chronicles 16:19	When you were but few, even a few, and strangers in it.
Psalm 16:2	O my soul, you have said to the LORD, You are my Lord: my goodness extends not to you;
Job 14:15	You shall call, and I will answer you: you will have a desire to the work of your hands.
Revelation 11:17	Saying, We give you thanks, O LORD God Almighty, which are, and were, and are to come; because you have taken to you your great power, and have reigned.
Job 19:4	And be it indeed that I have erred, my error remains with myself.
Judges 19:19	Yet there is both straw and provender for our asses; and there is bread and wine also for me, and for your handmaid, and for the young man which is with your servants: there is no want of any thing.
1 Kings 6:36	And he built the inner court with three rows of hewed stone, and a row of cedar beams.
John 11:48	If we let him thus alone, all men will believe on him: and the Romans shall come and take away both our place and nation.
Esther 1:1	Now it came to pass in the days of Ahasuerus, (this is Ahasuerus which reigned, from India even to Ethiopia, over an hundred and seven and twenty provinces:)
Deuteronomy 12:7	And there you shall eat before the LORD your God, and you shall rejoice in all that you put your hand to, you and your households, wherein the LORD your God has blessed you.
2 Chronicles 20:12	O our God, will you not judge them? for we have no might against this great company that comes against us; neither know we what to do: but our eyes are on you.
Proverbs 31:26	She opens her mouth with wisdom; and in her tongue is the law of kindness.
Judges 14:11	And it came to pass, when they saw him, that they brought thirty companions to be with him.
Psalm 16:3	But to the saints that are in the earth, and to the excellent, in whom is all my delight.
Acts 24:22	And when Felix heard these things, having more perfect knowledge of that way, he deferred them, and said, When Lysias the chief captain shall come down, I will know the uttermost of your matter.
John 13:17	If you know these things, happy are you if you do them.
Numbers 13:19	And what the land is that they dwell in, whether it be good or bad; and what cities they be that they dwell in, whether in tents, or in strong holds;
Numbers 1:45	So were all those that were numbered of the children of Israel, by the house of their fathers, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war in Israel;
Job 9:24	The earth is given into the hand of the wicked: he covers the faces of the judges thereof; if not, where, and who is he?
1 Samuel 25:12	So David’s young men turned their way, and went again, and came and told him all those sayings.
Hosea 2:10	And now will I discover her lewdness in the sight of her lovers, and none shall deliver her out of my hand.
John 11:47	Then gathered the chief priests and the Pharisees a council, and said, What do we? for this man does many miracles.
Genesis 27:8	Now therefore, my son, obey my voice according to that which I command you.
Daniel 11:10	But his sons shall be stirred up, and shall assemble a multitude of great forces: and one shall certainly come, and overflow, and pass through: then shall he return, and be stirred up, even to his fortress.
Luke 3:4	As it is written in the book of the words of Esaias the prophet, saying, The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare you the way of the Lord, make his paths straight.
Job 31:6	Let me be weighed in an even balance that God may know my integrity.
Deuteronomy 28:4	Blessed shall be the fruit of your body, and the fruit of your ground, and the fruit of your cattle, the increase of your cows, and the flocks of your sheep.
Mark 13:37	And what I say to you I say to all, Watch.
Psalm 22:11	Be not far from me; for trouble is near; for there is none to help.
Psalm 28:8	The LORD is their strength, and he is the saving strength of his anointed.
1 Corinthians 15:24	Then comes the end, when he shall have delivered up the kingdom to God, even the Father; when he shall have put down all rule and all authority and power.
1 Peter 1:8	Whom having not seen, you love; in whom, though now you see him not, yet believing, you rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory:
Jeremiah 7:11	Is this house, which is called by my name, become a den of robbers in your eyes? Behold, even I have seen it, said the LORD.
Genesis 34:24	And to Hamor and to Shechem his son listened all that went out of the gate of his city; and every male was circumcised, all that went out of the gate of his city.
Matthew 28:3	His countenance was like lightning, and his raiment white as snow:
Isaiah 45:1	Thus said the LORD to his anointed, to Cyrus, whose right hand I have held, to subdue nations before him; and I will loose the loins of kings, to open before him the two leaved gates; and the gates shall not be shut;
Daniel 10:16	And, behold, one like the similitude of the sons of men touched my lips: then I opened my mouth, and spoke, and said to him that stood before me, O my lord, by the vision my sorrows are turned on me, and I have retained no strength.
1 Kings 3:1	And Solomon made affinity with Pharaoh king of Egypt, and took Pharaoh’s daughter, and brought her into the city of David, until he had made an end of building his own house, and the house of the LORD, and the wall of Jerusalem round about.
2 Corinthians 12:5	Of such an one will I glory: yet of myself I will not glory, but in my infirmities.
2 Samuel 3:37	For all the people and all Israel understood that day that it was not of the king to slay Abner the son of Ner.
2 Kings 9:1	And Elisha the prophet called one of the children of the prophets, and said to him, Gird up your loins, and take this box of oil in your hand, and go to Ramothgilead:
Acts 17:7	Whom Jason has received: and these all do contrary to the decrees of Caesar, saying that there is another king, one Jesus.
Romans 7:4	Why, my brothers, you also are become dead to the law by the body of Christ; that you should be married to another, even to him who is raised from the dead, that we should bring forth fruit to God.
Exodus 34:19	All that opens the matrix is mine; and every firstling among your cattle, whether ox or sheep, that is male.
Romans 7:5	For when we were in the flesh, the motions of sins, which were by the law, did work in our members to bring forth fruit to death.
1 Samuel 27:2	And David arose, and he passed over with the six hundred men that were with him to Achish, the son of Maoch, king of Gath.
Genesis 41:14	Then Pharaoh sent and called Joseph, and they brought him hastily out of the dungeon: and he shaved himself, and changed his raiment, and came in to Pharaoh.
1 Chronicles 1:54	Duke Magdiel, duke Iram. These are the dukes of Edom.
Numbers 36:2	And they said, The LORD commanded my lord to give the land for an inheritance by lot to the children of Israel: and my lord was commanded by the LORD to give the inheritance of Zelophehad our brother to his daughters.
Leviticus 16:26	And he that let go the goat for the scapegoat shall wash his clothes, and bathe his flesh in water, and afterward come into the camp.
1 Kings 3:22	And the other woman said, No; but the living is my son, and the dead is your son. And this said, No; but the dead is your son, and the living is my son. Thus they spoke before the king.
1 Corinthians 15:49	And as we have borne the image of the earthy, we shall also bear the image of the heavenly.
Jeremiah 22:2	And say, Hear the word of the LORD, O king of Judah, that sit on the throne of David, you, and your servants, and your people that enter in by these gates:
Esther 4:5	Then called Esther for Hatach, one of the king’s chamberlains, whom he had appointed to attend on her, and gave him a commandment to Mordecai, to know what it was, and why it was.
Matthew 26:59	Now the chief priests, and elders, and all the council, sought false witness against Jesus, to put him to death;
Luke 4:33	And in the synagogue there was a man, which had a spirit of an unclean devil, and cried out with a loud voice,
Genesis 50:18	And his brothers also went and fell down before his face; and they said, Behold, we be your servants.
Ezekiel 23:42	And a voice of a multitude being at ease was with her: and with the men of the common sort were brought Sabeans from the wilderness, which put bracelets on their hands, and beautiful crowns on their heads.
Hebrews 5:3	And by reason hereof he ought, as for the people, so also for himself, to offer for sins.
Revelation 22:8	And I John saw these things, and heard them. And when I had heard and seen, I fell down to worship before the feet of the angel which showed me these things.
Psalm 44:17	All this is come on us; yet have we not forgotten you, neither have we dealt falsely in your covenant.
Hebrews 9:3	And after the second veil, the tabernacle which is called the Holiest of all;
Psalm 49:20	Man that is in honor, and understands not, is like the beasts that perish.
Isaiah 11:1	And there shall come forth a rod out of the stem of Jesse, and a Branch shall grow out of his roots:
2 Chronicles 10:5	And he said to them, Come again to me after three days. And the people departed.
Jeremiah 25:2	The which Jeremiah the prophet spoke to all the people of Judah, and to all the inhabitants of Jerusalem, saying,
Judges 5:25	He asked water, and she gave him milk; she brought forth butter in a lordly dish.
Ezekiel 37:18	And when the children of your people shall speak to you, saying, Will you not show us what you mean by these?
Genesis 2:13	And the name of the second river is Gihon: the same is it that compasses the whole land of Ethiopia.
1 Chronicles 16:36	Blessed be the LORD God of Israel for ever and ever. And all the people said, Amen, and praised the LORD.
Jeremiah 7:2	Stand in the gate of the LORD’s house, and proclaim there this word, and say, Hear the word of the LORD, all you of Judah, that enter in at these gates to worship the LORD.
Mark 7:6	He answered and said to them, Well has Esaias prophesied of you hypocrites, as it is written, This people honors me with their lips, but their heart is far from me.
Job 37:3	He directs it under the whole heaven, and his lightning to the ends of the earth.
Jeremiah 5:11	For the house of Israel and the house of Judah have dealt very treacherously against me, said the LORD.
1 Kings 9:6	But if you shall at all turn from following me, you or your children, and will not keep my commandments and my statutes which I have set before you, but go and serve other gods, and worship them:
1 Corinthians 13:9	For we know in part, and we prophesy in part.
2 Kings 18:30	Neither let Hezekiah make you trust in the LORD, saying, The LORD will surely deliver us, and this city shall not be delivered into the hand of the king of Assyria.
Ruth 2:22	And Naomi said to Ruth her daughter in law, It is good, my daughter, that you go out with his maidens, that they meet you not in any other field.
Mark 12:16	And they brought it. And he said to them, Whose is this image and superscription? And they said to him, Caesar’s.
Amos 2:12	But you gave the Nazarites wine to drink; and commanded the prophets, saying, Prophesy not.
Isaiah 44:21	Remember these, O Jacob and Israel; for you are my servant: I have formed you; you are my servant: O Israel, you shall not be forgotten of me.
Psalm 21:4	He asked life of you, and you gave it him, even length of days for ever and ever.
Psalm 94:16	Who will rise up for me against the evildoers? or who will stand up for me against the workers of iniquity?
Psalm 122:2	Our feet shall stand within your gates, O Jerusalem.
Judges 8:4	And Gideon came to Jordan, and passed over, he, and the three hundred men that were with him, faint, yet pursuing them.
Jeremiah 17:24	And it shall come to pass, if you diligently listen to me, said the LORD, to bring in no burden through the gates of this city on the sabbath day, but hallow the sabbath day, to do no work therein;
Deuteronomy 32:10	He found him in a desert land, and in the waste howling wilderness; he led him about, he instructed him, he kept him as the apple of his eye.
Ruth 1:10	And they said to her, Surely we will return with you to your people.
Isaiah 47:13	You are wearied in the multitude of your counsels. Let now the astrologers, the stargazers, the monthly prognosticators, stand up, and save you from these things that shall come on you.
1 Chronicles 6:55	And they gave them Hebron in the land of Judah, and the suburbs thereof round about it.
Jeremiah 23:4	And I will set up shepherds over them which shall feed them: and they shall fear no more, nor be dismayed, neither shall they be lacking, said the LORD.
Psalm 49:17	For when he dies he shall carry nothing away: his glory shall not descend after him.
1 Chronicles 22:11	Now, my son, the LORD be with you; and prosper you, and build the house of the LORD your God, as he has said of you.
1 Kings 8:44	If your people go out to battle against their enemy, wherever you shall send them, and shall pray to the LORD toward the city which you have chosen, and toward the house that I have built for your name:
Numbers 11:2	And the people cried to Moses; and when Moses prayed to the LORD, the fire was quenched.
Zechariah 9:1	The burden of the word of the LORD in the land of Hadrach, and Damascus shall be the rest thereof: when the eyes of man, as of all the tribes of Israel, shall be toward the LORD.
Ezekiel 17:24	And all the trees of the field shall know that I the LORD have brought down the high tree, have exalted the low tree, have dried up the green tree, and have made the dry tree to flourish: I the LORD have spoken and have done it.
1 Chronicles 12:14	These were of the sons of Gad, captains of the host: one of the least was over an hundred, and the greatest over a thousand.
Daniel 4:10	Thus were the visions of my head in my bed; I saw, and behold a tree in the middle of the earth, and the height thereof was great.
Acts 15:12	Then all the multitude kept silence, and gave audience to Barnabas and Paul, declaring what miracles and wonders God had worked among the Gentiles by them.
Luke 15:20	And he arose, and came to his father. But when he was yet a great way off, his father saw him, and had compassion, and ran, and fell on his neck, and kissed him.
Luke 16:24	And he cried and said, Father Abraham, have mercy on me, and send Lazarus, that he may dip the tip of his finger in water, and cool my tongue; for I am tormented in this flame.
Acts 10:21	Then Peter went down to the men which were sent to him from Cornelius; and said, Behold, I am he whom you seek: what is the cause why you are come?
Job 39:12	Will you believe him, that he will bring home your seed, and gather it into your barn?
1 Samuel 15:8	And he took Agag the king of the Amalekites alive, and utterly destroyed all the people with the edge of the sword.
Exodus 13:20	And they took their journey from Succoth, and encamped in Etham, in the edge of the wilderness.
Isaiah 61:9	And their seed shall be known among the Gentiles, and their offspring among the people: all that see them shall acknowledge them, that they are the seed which the LORD has blessed.
1 Peter 3:20	Which sometime were disobedient, when once the long-suffering of God waited in the days of Noah, while the ark was a preparing, wherein few, that is, eight souls were saved by water.
Isaiah 10:30	Lift up your voice, O daughter of Gallim: cause it to be heard to Laish, O poor Anathoth.
1 Kings 12:32	And Jeroboam ordained a feast in the eighth month, on the fifteenth day of the month, like to the feast that is in Judah, and he offered on the altar. So did he in Bethel, sacrificing to the calves that he had made: and he placed in Bethel the priests of the high places which he had made.
Ecclesiastes 7:22	For oftentimes also your own heart knows that you yourself likewise have cursed others.
Numbers 15:23	Even all that the LORD has commanded you by the hand of Moses, from the day that the LORD commanded Moses, and henceforward among your generations;
Isaiah 33:5	The LORD is exalted; for he dwells on high: he has filled Zion with judgment and righteousness.
Luke 23:2	And they began to accuse him, saying, We found this fellow perverting the nation, and forbidding to give tribute to Caesar, saying that he himself is Christ a King.
Leviticus 22:29	And when you will offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving to the LORD, offer it at your own will.
Exodus 20:5	You shall not bow down yourself to them, nor serve them: for I the LORD your God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers on the children to the third and fourth generation of them that hate me;
Joshua 15:46	From Ekron even to the sea, all that lay near Ashdod, with their villages:
Esther 3:8	And Haman said to king Ahasuerus, There is a certain people scattered abroad and dispersed among the people in all the provinces of your kingdom; and their laws are diverse from all people; neither keep they the king’s laws: therefore it is not for the king’s profit to suffer them.
Exodus 35:2	Six days shall work be done, but on the seventh day there shall be to you an holy day, a sabbath of rest to the LORD: whoever does work therein shall be put to death.
Ezekiel 33:22	Now the hand of the LORD was on me in the evening, before he that was escaped came; and had opened my mouth, until he came to me in the morning; and my mouth was opened, and I was no more dumb.
Joshua 24:6	And I brought your fathers out of Egypt: and you came to the sea; and the Egyptians pursued after your fathers with chariots and horsemen to the Red sea.
Leviticus 8:12	And he poured of the anointing oil on Aaron’s head, and anointed him, to sanctify him.
1 Samuel 18:6	And it came to pass as they came, when David was returned from the slaughter of the Philistine, that the women came out of all cities of Israel, singing and dancing, to meet king Saul, with tabrets, with joy, and with instruments of music.
Ezekiel 6:12	He that is far off shall die of the pestilence; and he that is near shall fall by the sword; and he that remains and is besieged shall die by the famine: thus will I accomplish my fury on them.
John 16:10	Of righteousness, because I go to my Father, and you see me no more;
Numbers 26:35	These are the sons of Ephraim after their families: of Shuthelah, the family of the Shuthalhites: of Becher, the family of the Bachrites: of Tahan, the family of the Tahanites.
Lamentations 5:21	Turn you us to you, O LORD, and we shall be turned; renew our days as of old.
Judges 5:26	She put her hand to the nail, and her right hand to the workmen’s hammer; and with the hammer she smote Sisera, she smote off his head, when she had pierced and stricken through his temples.
1 Samuel 10:8	And you shall go down before me to Gilgal; and, behold, I will come down to you, to offer burnt offerings, and to sacrifice sacrifices of peace offerings: seven days shall you tarry, till I come to you, and show you what you shall do.
Nehemiah 3:7	And next to them repaired Melatiah the Gibeonite, and Jadon the Meronothite, the men of Gibeon, and of Mizpah, to the throne of the governor on this side the river.
Hebrews 11:19	Accounting that God was able to raise him up, even from the dead; from where also he received him in a figure.
Psalm 115:7	They have hands, but they handle not: feet have they, but they walk not: neither speak they through their throat.
Exodus 36:23	And he made boards for the tabernacle; twenty boards for the south side southward:
Isaiah 33:18	Your heart shall meditate terror. Where is the scribe? where is the receiver? where is he that counted the towers?
Job 11:19	Also you shall lie down, and none shall make you afraid; yes, many shall make suit to you.
Joshua 7:12	Therefore the children of Israel could not stand before their enemies, but turned their backs before their enemies, because they were accursed: neither will I be with you any more, except you destroy the accursed from among you.
Genesis 18:9	And they said to him, Where is Sarah your wife? And he said, Behold, in the tent.
Luke 5:20	And when he saw their faith, he said to him, Man, your sins are forgiven you.
Jeremiah 34:7	When the king of Babylon’s army fought against Jerusalem, and against all the cities of Judah that were left, against Lachish, and against Azekah: for these defended cities remained of the cities of Judah.
Romans 15:33	Now the God of peace be with you all. Amen.
Ezekiel 39:3	And I will smite your bow out of your left hand, and will cause your arrows to fall out of your right hand.
Hebrews 10:32	But call to remembrance the former days, in which, after you were illuminated, you endured a great fight of afflictions;
Isaiah 28:21	For the LORD shall rise up as in mount Perazim, he shall be wroth as in the valley of Gibeon, that he may do his work, his strange work; and bring to pass his act, his strange act.
Proverbs 8:22	The LORD possessed me in the beginning of his way, before his works of old.
John 5:41	I receive not honor from men.
John 11:20	Then Martha, as soon as she heard that Jesus was coming, went and met him: but Mary sat still in the house.
1 Thessalonians 2:17	But we, brothers, being taken from you for a short time in presence, not in heart, endeavored the more abundantly to see your face with great desire.
1 Kings 18:38	Then the fire of the LORD fell, and consumed the burnt sacrifice, and the wood, and the stones, and the dust, and licked up the water that was in the trench.
Genesis 41:34	Let Pharaoh do this, and let him appoint officers over the land, and take up the fifth part of the land of Egypt in the seven plenteous years.
1 Corinthians 12:6	And there are diversities of operations, but it is the same God which works all in all.
Exodus 15:18	The LORD shall reign for ever and ever.
Hebrews 4:7	Again, he limits a certain day, saying in David, To day, after so long a time; as it is said, To day if you will hear his voice, harden not your hearts.
Exodus 8:18	And the magicians did so with their enchantments to bring forth lice, but they could not: so there were lice on man, and on beast.
Isaiah 37:19	And have cast their gods into the fire: for they were no gods, but the work of men’s hands, wood and stone: therefore they have destroyed them.
Proverbs 31:30	Favor is deceitful, and beauty is vain: but a woman that fears the LORD, she shall be praised.
1 Kings 19:8	And he arose, and did eat and drink, and went in the strength of that meat forty days and forty nights to Horeb the mount of God.
2 Samuel 11:22	So the messenger went, and came and showed David all that Joab had sent him for.
John 11:29	As soon as she heard that, she arose quickly, and came to him.
Isaiah 44:20	He feeds on ashes: a deceived heart has turned him aside, that he cannot deliver his soul, nor say, Is there not a lie in my right hand?
1 Timothy 1:15	This is a faithful saying, and worthy of all acceptation, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners; of whom I am chief.
Genesis 9:7	And you, be you fruitful, and multiply; bring forth abundantly in the earth, and multiply therein.
Galatians 3:17	And this I say, that the covenant, that was confirmed before of God in Christ, the law, which was four hundred and thirty years after, cannot cancel, that it should make the promise of none effect.
Numbers 35:12	And they shall be to you cities for refuge from the avenger; that the manslayer die not, until he stand before the congregation in judgment.
Mark 16:10	And she went and told them that had been with him, as they mourned and wept.
Exodus 21:3	If he came in by himself, he shall go out by himself: if he were married, then his wife shall go out with him.
1 Kings 14:10	Therefore, behold, I will bring evil on the house of Jeroboam, and will cut off from Jeroboam him that urinates against the wall, and him that is shut up and left in Israel, and will take away the remnant of the house of Jeroboam, as a man takes away dung, till it be all gone.
Joshua 8:21	And when Joshua and all Israel saw that the ambush had taken the city, and that the smoke of the city ascended, then they turned again, and slew the men of Ai.
John 21:10	Jesus said to them, Bring of the fish which you have now caught.
Luke 6:21	Blessed are you that hunger now: for you shall be filled. Blessed are you that weep now: for you shall laugh.
Acts 4:4	However, many of them which heard the word believed; and the number of the men was about five thousand.
Genesis 46:12	And the sons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah, and Pharez, and Zarah: but Er and Onan died in the land of Canaan. And the sons of Pharez were Hezron and Hamul.
Matthew 15:1	Then came to Jesus scribes and Pharisees, which were of Jerusalem, saying,
Amos 9:6	It is he that builds his stories in the heaven, and has founded his troop in the earth; he that calls for the waters of the sea, and pours them out on the face of the earth: The LORD is his name.
Ecclesiastes 12:3	In the day when the keepers of the house shall tremble, and the strong men shall bow themselves, and the grinders cease because they are few, and those that look out of the windows be darkened,
Psalm 104:1	Bless the LORD, O my soul. O LORD my God, you are very great; you are clothed with honor and majesty.
Jeremiah 47:3	At the noise of the stamping of the hoofs of his strong horses, at the rushing of his chariots, and at the rumbling of his wheels, the fathers shall not look back to their children for feebleness of hands;
Zechariah 6:10	Take of them of the captivity, even of Heldai, of Tobijah, and of Jedaiah, which are come from Babylon, and come you the same day, and go into the house of Josiah the son of Zephaniah;
Ezekiel 45:20	And so you shall do the seventh day of the month for every one that errs, and for him that is simple: so shall you reconcile the house.
1 Samuel 14:25	And all they of the land came to a wood; and there was honey on the ground.
Psalm 39:5	Behold, you have made my days as an handbreadth; and my age is as nothing before you: truly every man at his best state is altogether vanity. Selah.
Hebrews 9:25	Nor yet that he should offer himself often, as the high priest enters into the holy place every year with blood of others;
Genesis 26:6	And Isaac dwelled in Gerar:
1 Samuel 30:18	And David recovered all that the Amalekites had carried away: and David rescued his two wives.
1 Samuel 13:5	And the Philistines gathered themselves together to fight with Israel, thirty thousand chariots, and six thousand horsemen, and people as the sand which is on the sea shore in multitude: and they came up, and pitched in Michmash, eastward from Bethaven.
Psalm 66:4	All the earth shall worship you, and shall sing to you; they shall sing to your name. Selah.
2 Kings 18:8	He smote the Philistines, even to Gaza, and the borders thereof, from the tower of the watchmen to the fenced city.
Luke 22:16	For I say to you, I will not any more eat thereof, until it be fulfilled in the kingdom of God.
1 Chronicles 13:10	And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Uzza, and he smote him, because he put his hand to the ark: and there he died before God.
Judges 5:24	Blessed above women shall Jael the wife of Heber the Kenite be, blessed shall she be above women in the tent.
Ezekiel 26:15	Thus said the Lord GOD to Tyrus; Shall not the isles shake at the sound of your fall, when the wounded cry, when the slaughter is made in the middle of you?
Genesis 14:6	And the Horites in their mount Seir, to Elparan, which is by the wilderness.
Leviticus 3:14	And he shall offer thereof his offering, even an offering made by fire to the LORD; the fat that covers the inwards, and all the fat that is on the inwards,
Luke 22:39	And he came out, and went, as he was wont, to the mount of Olives; and his disciples also followed him.
Matthew 27:12	And when he was accused of the chief priests and elders, he answered nothing.
Acts 9:16	For I will show him how great things he must suffer for my name’s sake.
Galatians 5:23	Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law.
Jeremiah 33:8	And I will cleanse them from all their iniquity, whereby they have sinned against me; and I will pardon all their iniquities, whereby they have sinned, and whereby they have transgressed against me.
Job 21:17	How oft is the candle of the wicked put out! and how oft comes their destruction on them! God distributes sorrows in his anger.
Proverbs 23:6	Eat you not the bread of him that has an evil eye, neither desire you his dainty meats:
1 Kings 2:45	And king Solomon shall be blessed, and the throne of David shall be established before the LORD for ever.
Jeremiah 44:22	So that the LORD could no longer bear, because of the evil of your doings, and because of the abominations which you have committed; therefore is your land a desolation, and an astonishment, and a curse, without an inhabitant, as at this day.
Esther 3:15	The posts went out, being hastened by the king’s commandment, and the decree was given in Shushan the palace. And the king and Haman sat down to drink; but the city Shushan was perplexed.
2 Kings 5:5	And the king of Syria said, Go to, go, and I will send a letter to the king of Israel. And he departed, and took with him ten talents of silver, and six thousand pieces of gold, and ten changes of raiment.
Jeremiah 51:37	And Babylon shall become heaps, a dwelling place for dragons, an astonishment, and an hissing, without an inhabitant.
2 Timothy 4:5	But watch you in all things, endure afflictions, do the work of an evangelist, make full proof of your ministry.
Leviticus 22:12	If the priest’s daughter also be married to a stranger, she may not eat of an offering of the holy things.
Judges 19:16	And, behold, there came an old man from his work out of the field at even, which was also of mount Ephraim; and he sojourned in Gibeah: but the men of the place were Benjamites.
Leviticus 26:28	Then I will walk contrary to you also in fury; and I, even I, will chastise you seven times for your sins.
Job 28:26	When he made a decree for the rain, and a way for the lightning of the thunder:
Genesis 8:19	Every beast, every creeping thing, and every fowl, and whatever creeps on the earth, after their kinds, went forth out of the ark.
2 Peter 2:5	And spared not the old world, but saved Noah the eighth person, a preacher of righteousness, bringing in the flood on the world of the ungodly;
Psalm 77:18	The voice of your thunder was in the heaven: the lightning lightened the world: the earth trembled and shook.
Exodus 29:24	And you shall put all in the hands of Aaron, and in the hands of his sons; and shall wave them for a wave offering before the LORD.
Leviticus 25:33	And if a man purchase of the Levites, then the house that was sold, and the city of his possession, shall go out in the year of jubilee: for the houses of the cities of the Levites are their possession among the children of Israel.
Ezekiel 21:18	The word of the LORD came to me again, saying,
Deuteronomy 3:23	And I sought the LORD at that time, saying,
Romans 12:13	Distributing to the necessity of saints; given to hospitality.
John 6:57	As the living Father has sent me, and I live by the Father: so he that eats me, even he shall live by me.
Exodus 22:29	You shall not delay to offer the first of your ripe fruits, and of your liquors: the firstborn of your sons shall you give to me.
1 Kings 1:9	And Adonijah slew sheep and oxen and fat cattle by the stone of Zoheleth, which is by Enrogel, and called all his brothers the king’s sons, and all the men of Judah the king’s servants:
Exodus 25:40	And look that you make them after their pattern, which was showed you in the mount.
2 Corinthians 6:9	As unknown, and yet well known; as dying, and, behold, we live; as chastened, and not killed;
1 Chronicles 12:40	Moreover they that were near them, even to Issachar and Zebulun and Naphtali, brought bread on asses, and on camels, and on mules, and on oxen, and meat, meal, cakes of figs, and bunches of raisins, and wine, and oil, and oxen, and sheep abundantly: for there was joy in Israel.
Psalm 115:16	The heaven, even the heavens, are the LORD’s: but the earth has he given to the children of men.
Deuteronomy 29:5	And I have led you forty years in the wilderness: your clothes are not waxen old on you, and your shoe is not waxen old on your foot.
Jeremiah 48:33	And joy and gladness is taken from the plentiful field, and from the land of Moab, and I have caused wine to fail from the winepresses: none shall tread with shouting; their shouting shall be no shouting.
Jeremiah 5:22	Fear you not me? said the LORD: will you not tremble at my presence, which have placed the sand for the bound of the sea by a perpetual decree, that it cannot pass it: and though the waves thereof toss themselves, yet can they not prevail; though they roar, yet can they not pass over it?
Philemon 1:7	For we have great joy and consolation in your love, because the bowels of the saints are refreshed by you, brother.
Mark 2:11	I say to you, Arise, and take up your bed, and go your way into your house.
Romans 6:11	Likewise reckon you also yourselves to be dead indeed to sin, but alive to God through Jesus Christ our Lord.
Judges 6:13	And Gideon said to him, Oh my Lord, if the LORD be with us, why then is all this befallen us? and where be all his miracles which our fathers told us of, saying, Did not the LORD bring us up from Egypt? but now the LORD has forsaken us, and delivered us into the hands of the Midianites.
Revelation 2:5	Remember therefore from where you are fallen, and repent, and do the first works; or else I will come to you quickly, and will remove your candlestick out of his place, except you repent.
Judges 15:10	And the men of Judah said, Why are you come up against us? And they answered, To bind Samson are we come up, to do to him as he has done to us.
Colossians 4:8	Whom I have sent to you for the same purpose, that he might know your estate, and comfort your hearts;
Job 15:10	With us are both the gray headed and very aged men, much elder than your father.
Leviticus 19:23	And when you shall come into the land, and shall have planted all manner of trees for food, then you shall count the fruit thereof as uncircumcised: three years shall it be as uncircumcised to you: it shall not be eaten of.
Luke 3:15	And as the people were in expectation, and all men mused in their hearts of John, whether he were the Christ, or not;
Psalm 45:13	The king’s daughter is all glorious within: her clothing is of worked gold.
2 Samuel 13:31	Then the king arose, and tare his garments, and lay on the earth; and all his servants stood by with their clothes rent.
Daniel 2:34	You saw till that a stone was cut out without hands, which smote the image on his feet that were of iron and clay, and broke them to pieces.
Leviticus 26:44	And yet for all that, when they be in the land of their enemies, I will not cast them away, neither will I abhor them, to destroy them utterly, and to break my covenant with them: for I am the LORD their God.
Job 21:27	Behold, I know your thoughts, and the devices which you wrongfully imagine against me.
Luke 19:8	And Zacchaeus stood, and said to the Lord: Behold, Lord, the half of my goods I give to the poor; and if I have taken any thing from any man by false accusation, I restore him fourfold.
Psalm 122:6	Pray for the peace of Jerusalem: they shall prosper that love you.
Deuteronomy 28:62	And you shall be left few in number, whereas you were as the stars of heaven for multitude; because you would not obey the voice of the LORD your God.
Genesis 26:28	And they said, We saw certainly that the LORD was with you: and we said, Let there be now an oath between us, even between us and you, and let us make a covenant with you;
Genesis 4:18	And to Enoch was born Irad: and Irad begat Mehujael: and Mehujael begat Methusael: and Methusael begat Lamech.
1 Corinthians 13:11	When I was a child, I spoke as a child, I understood as a child, I thought as a child: but when I became a man, I put away childish things.
Revelation 3:1	And to the angel of the church in Sardis write; These things said he that has the seven Spirits of God, and the seven stars; I know your works, that you have a name that you live, and are dead.
Luke 23:1	And the whole multitude of them arose, and led him to Pilate.
Ezekiel 40:26	And there were seven steps to go up to it, and the arches thereof were before them: and it had palm trees, one on this side, and another on that side, on the posts thereof.
Numbers 33:54	And you shall divide the land by lot for an inheritance among your families: and to the more you shall give the more inheritance, and to the fewer you shall give the less inheritance: every man’s inheritance shall be in the place where his lot falls; according to the tribes of your fathers you shall inherit.
Isaiah 53:4	Surely he has borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows: yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted.
Lamentations 4:18	They hunt our steps, that we cannot go in our streets: our end is near, our days are fulfilled; for our end is come.
Daniel 7:18	But the saints of the most High shall take the kingdom, and possess the kingdom for ever, even for ever and ever.
Genesis 17:14	And the uncircumcised man child whose flesh of his foreskin is not circumcised, that soul shall be cut off from his people; he has broken my covenant.
Romans 10:20	But Esaias is very bold, and said, I was found of them that sought me not; I was made manifest to them that asked not after me.
Exodus 4:25	Then Zipporah took a sharp stone, and cut off the foreskin of her son, and cast it at his feet, and said, Surely a bloody husband are you to me.
1 Chronicles 4:1	The sons of Judah; Pharez, Hezron, and Carmi, and Hur, and Shobal.
Numbers 23:19	God is not a man, that he should lie; neither the son of man, that he should repent: has he said, and shall he not do it? or has he spoken, and shall he not make it good?
Luke 9:24	For whoever will save his life shall lose it: but whoever will lose his life for my sake, the same shall save it.
Jeremiah 34:17	Therefore thus said the LORD; You have not listened to me, in proclaiming liberty, every one to his brother, and every man to his neighbor: behold, I proclaim a liberty for you, said the LORD, to the sword, to the pestilence, and to the famine; and I will make you to be removed into all the kingdoms of the earth.
Mark 3:15	And to have power to heal sicknesses, and to cast out devils:
Ezekiel 7:18	They shall also gird themselves with sackcloth, and horror shall cover them; and shame shall be on all faces, and baldness on all their heads.
Ruth 4:20	And Amminadab begat Nahshon, and Nahshon begat Salmon,
Isaiah 60:2	For, behold, the darkness shall cover the earth, and gross darkness the people: but the LORD shall arise on you, and his glory shall be seen on you.
Judges 19:11	And when they were by Jebus, the day was far spent; and the servant said to his master, Come, I pray you, and let us turn in into this city of the Jebusites, and lodge in it.
Ezekiel 41:7	And there was an enlarging, and a winding about still upward to the side chambers: for the winding about of the house went still upward round about the house: therefore the breadth of the house was still upward, and so increased from the lowest chamber to the highest by the middle.
Leviticus 20:7	Sanctify yourselves therefore, and be you holy: for I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 13:5	And the priest shall look on him the seventh day: and, behold, if the plague in his sight be at a stay, and the plague spread not in the skin; then the priest shall shut him up seven days more:
Ezekiel 1:9	Their wings were joined one to another; they turned not when they went; they went every one straight forward.
Judges 13:12	And Manoah said, Now let your words come to pass. How shall we order the child, and how shall we do to him?
Isaiah 23:9	The LORD of hosts has purposed it, to stain the pride of all glory, and to bring into contempt all the honorable of the earth.
Esther 2:5	Now in Shushan the palace there was a certain Jew, whose name was Mordecai, the son of Jair, the son of Shimei, the son of Kish, a Benjamite;
Hosea 9:9	They have deeply corrupted themselves, as in the days of Gibeah: therefore he will remember their iniquity, he will visit their sins.
Mark 15:34	And at the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eloi, Eloi, lama sabachthani? which is, being interpreted, My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?
2 Corinthians 11:9	And when I was present with you, and wanted, I was chargeable to no man: for that which was lacking to me the brothers which came from Macedonia supplied: and in all things I have kept myself from being burdensome to you, and so will I keep myself.
Mark 6:20	For Herod feared John, knowing that he was a just man and an holy, and observed him; and when he heard him, he did many things, and heard him gladly.
Ecclesiastes 6:12	For who knows what is good for man in this life, all the days of his vain life which he spends as a shadow? for who can tell a man what shall be after him under the sun?
Mark 9:21	And he asked his father, How long is it ago since this came to him? And he said, Of a child.
1 Corinthians 7:17	But as God has distributed to every man, as the Lord has called every one, so let him walk. And so ordain I in all churches.
Revelation 9:13	And the sixth angel sounded, and I heard a voice from the four horns of the golden altar which is before God,
Deuteronomy 1:13	Take you wise men, and understanding, and known among your tribes, and I will make them rulers over you.
Revelation 21:8	But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and fornicators, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burns with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.
2 Chronicles 18:31	And it came to pass, when the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, that they said, It is the king of Israel. Therefore they compassed about him to fight: but Jehoshaphat cried out, and the LORD helped him; and God moved them to depart from him.
Luke 7:43	Simon answered and said, I suppose that he, to whom he forgave most. And he said to him, You have rightly judged.
Psalm 36:2	For he flatters himself in his own eyes, until his iniquity be found to be hateful.
Psalm 7:14	Behold, he travails with iniquity, and has conceived mischief, and brought forth falsehood.
Esther 8:17	And in every province, and in every city, wherever the king’s commandment and his decree came, the Jews had joy and gladness, a feast and a good day. And many of the people of the land became Jews; for the fear of the Jews fell on them.
Psalm 77:15	You have with your arm redeemed your people, the sons of Jacob and Joseph. Selah.
Exodus 31:17	It is a sign between me and the children of Israel for ever: for in six days the LORD made heaven and earth, and on the seventh day he rested, and was refreshed.
1 Chronicles 19:3	But the princes of the children of Ammon said to Hanun, Think you that David does honor your father, that he has sent comforters to you? are not his servants come to you for to search, and to overthrow, and to spy out the land?
1 Chronicles 11:39	Zelek the Ammonite, Naharai the Berothite, the armor bearer of Joab the son of Zeruiah,
Ezekiel 6:13	Then shall you know that I am the LORD, when their slain men shall be among their idols round about their altars, on every high hill, in all the tops of the mountains, and under every green tree, and under every thick oak, the place where they did offer sweet smell to all their idols.
Genesis 17:17	Then Abraham fell on his face, and laughed, and said in his heart, Shall a child be born to him that is an hundred years old? and shall Sarah, that is ninety years old, bear?
Revelation 9:1	And the fifth angel sounded, and I saw a star fall from heaven to the earth: and to him was given the key of the bottomless pit.
John 7:50	Nicodemus said to them, (he that came to Jesus by night, being one of them,)
2 Timothy 4:11	Only Luke is with me. Take Mark, and bring him with you: for he is profitable to me for the ministry.
Ezekiel 41:5	After he measured the wall of the house, six cubits; and the breadth of every side chamber, four cubits, round about the house on every side.
Acts 7:37	This is that Moses, which said to the children of Israel, A prophet shall the Lord your God raise up to you of your brothers, like to me; him shall you hear.
Acts 7:53	Who have received the law by the disposition of angels, and have not kept it.
Malachi 2:12	The LORD will cut off the man that does this, the master and the scholar, out of the tabernacles of Jacob, and him that offers an offering to the LORD of hosts.
Numbers 2:25	The standard of the camp of Dan shall be on the north side by their armies: and the captain of the children of Dan shall be Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai.
Zechariah 4:9	The hands of Zerubbabel have laid the foundation of this house; his hands shall also finish it; and you shall know that the LORD of hosts has sent me to you.
Revelation 17:17	For God has put in their hearts to fulfill his will, and to agree, and give their kingdom to the beast, until the words of God shall be fulfilled.
Judges 19:27	And her lord rose up in the morning, and opened the doors of the house, and went out to go his way: and, behold, the woman his concubine was fallen down at the door of the house, and her hands were on the threshold.
Exodus 27:18	The length of the court shall be an hundred cubits, and the breadth fifty every where, and the height five cubits of fine twined linen, and their sockets of brass.
1 Chronicles 19:12	And he said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, then you shall help me: but if the children of Ammon be too strong for you, then I will help you.
Deuteronomy 1:18	And I commanded you at that time all the things which you should do.
Hosea 6:2	After two days will he revive us: in the third day he will raise us up, and we shall live in his sight.
Genesis 25:5	And Abraham gave all that he had to Isaac.
Exodus 18:25	And Moses chose able men out of all Israel, and made them heads over the people, rulers of thousands, rulers of hundreds, rulers of fifties, and rulers of tens.
Job 16:16	My face is foul with weeping, and on my eyelids is the shadow of death;
2 Samuel 12:7	And Nathan said to David, You are the man. Thus said the LORD God of Israel, I anointed you king over Israel, and I delivered you out of the hand of Saul;
Psalm 136:4	To him who alone does great wonders: for his mercy endures for ever.
Mark 12:1	And he began to speak to them by parables. A certain man planted a vineyard, and set an hedge about it, and dig a place for the winefat, and built a tower, and let it out to farmers, and went into a far country.
2 Samuel 23:35	Hezrai the Carmelite, Paarai the Arbite,
Genesis 4:13	And Cain said to the LORD, My punishment is greater than I can bear.
Ezekiel 3:26	And I will make your tongue sticks to the roof of your mouth, that you shall be dumb, and shall not be to them a reprover: for they are a rebellious house.
Numbers 10:2	Make you two trumpets of silver; of a whole piece shall you make them: that you may use them for the calling of the assembly, and for the journeying of the camps.
2 Chronicles 13:3	And Abijah set the battle in array with an army of valiant men of war, even four hundred thousand chosen men: Jeroboam also set the battle in array against him with eight hundred thousand chosen men, being mighty men of valor.
Acts 21:37	And as Paul was to be led into the castle, he said to the chief captain, May I speak to you? Who said, Can you speak Greek?
Acts 13:6	And when they had gone through the isle to Paphos, they found a certain sorcerer, a false prophet, a Jew, whose name was Barjesus:
Psalm 90:11	Who knows the power of your anger? even according to your fear, so is your wrath.
1 Kings 17:23	And Elijah took the child, and brought him down out of the chamber into the house, and delivered him to his mother: and Elijah said, See, your son lives.
Ezekiel 38:11	And you shall say, I will go up to the land of unwalled villages; I will go to them that are at rest, that dwell safely, all of them dwelling without walls, and having neither bars nor gates,
2 Timothy 1:5	When I call to remembrance the unfeigned faith that is in you, which dwelled first in your grandmother Lois, and your mother Eunice; and I am persuaded that in you also.
Romans 13:6	For for this cause pay you tribute also: for they are God’s ministers, attending continually on this very thing.
Zechariah 1:14	So the angel that communed with me said to me, Cry you, saying, Thus said the LORD of hosts; I am jealous for Jerusalem and for Zion with a great jealousy.
Matthew 20:34	So Jesus had compassion on them, and touched their eyes: and immediately their eyes received sight, and they followed him.
Joshua 5:8	And it came to pass, when they had done circumcising all the people, that they stayed in their places in the camp, till they were whole.
1 Samuel 18:20	And Michal Saul’s daughter loved David: and they told Saul, and the thing pleased him.
Job 34:35	Job has spoken without knowledge, and his words were without wisdom.
2 Kings 25:10	And all the army of the Chaldees, that were with the captain of the guard, broke down the walls of Jerusalem round about.
Hebrews 1:11	They shall perish; but you remain; and they all shall wax old as does a garment;
Genesis 28:22	And this stone, which I have set for a pillar, shall be God’s house: and of all that you shall give me I will surely give the tenth to you.
1 Kings 9:16	For Pharaoh king of Egypt had gone up, and taken Gezer, and burnt it with fire, and slain the Canaanites that dwelled in the city, and given it for a present to his daughter, Solomon’s wife.
2 Corinthians 11:21	I speak as concerning reproach, as though we had been weak. However, when ever any is bold, (I speak foolishly,) I am bold also.
Revelation 21:17	And he measured the wall thereof, an hundred and forty and four cubits, according to the measure of a man, that is, of the angel.
Exodus 28:40	And for Aaron’s sons you shall make coats, and you shall make for them girdles, and bonnets shall you make for them, for glory and for beauty.
Revelation 15:4	Who shall not fear you, O Lord, and glorify your name? for you only are holy: for all nations shall come and worship before you; for your judgments are made manifest.
Exodus 28:35	And it shall be on Aaron to minister: and his sound shall be heard when he goes in to the holy place before the LORD, and when he comes out, that he die not.
Exodus 7:20	And Moses and Aaron did so, as the LORD commanded; and he lifted up the rod, and smote the waters that were in the river, in the sight of Pharaoh, and in the sight of his servants; and all the waters that were in the river were turned to blood.
1 Corinthians 12:15	If the foot shall say, Because I am not the hand, I am not of the body; is it therefore not of the body?
Deuteronomy 33:19	They shall call the people to the mountain; there they shall offer sacrifices of righteousness: for they shall suck of the abundance of the seas, and of treasures hid in the sand.
Hebrews 8:1	Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum: We have such an high priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the heavens;
1 Chronicles 28:18	And for the altar of incense refined gold by weight; and gold for the pattern of the chariot of the cherubim, that spread out their wings, and covered the ark of the covenant of the LORD.
John 11:56	Then sought they for Jesus, and spoke among themselves, as they stood in the temple, What think you, that he will not come to the feast?
Exodus 16:29	See, for that the LORD has given you the sabbath, therefore he gives you on the sixth day the bread of two days; abide you every man in his place, let no man go out of his place on the seventh day.
Numbers 18:28	Thus you also shall offer an heave offering to the LORD of all your tithes, which you receive of the children of Israel; and you shall give thereof the LORD’s heave offering to Aaron the priest.
2 Chronicles 30:4	And the thing pleased the king and all the congregation.
Jeremiah 36:25	Nevertheless Elnathan and Delaiah and Gemariah had made intercession to the king that he would not burn the roll: but he would not hear them.
1 Samuel 19:15	And Saul sent the messengers again to see David, saying, Bring him up to me in the bed, that I may slay him.
2 Samuel 3:17	And Abner had communication with the elders of Israel, saying, You sought for David in times past to be king over you:
Matthew 4:22	And they immediately left the ship and their father, and followed him.
1 Chronicles 6:4	Eleazar begat Phinehas, Phinehas begat Abishua,
1 Kings 12:16	So when all Israel saw that the king listened not to them, the people answered the king, saying, What portion have we in David? neither have we inheritance in the son of Jesse: to your tents, O Israel: now see to your own house, David. So Israel departed to their tents.
Judges 13:2	And there was a certain man of Zorah, of the family of the Danites, whose name was Manoah; and his wife was barren, and bore not.
Jeremiah 14:16	And the people to whom they prophesy shall be cast out in the streets of Jerusalem because of the famine and the sword; and they shall have none to bury them, them, their wives, nor their sons, nor their daughters: for I will pour their wickedness on them.
1 Corinthians 14:23	If therefore the whole church be come together into one place, and all speak with tongues, and there come in those that are unlearned, or unbelievers, will they not say that you are mad?
Numbers 29:5	And one kid of the goats for a sin offering, to make an atonement for you:
Leviticus 6:26	The priest that offers it for sin shall eat it: in the holy place shall it be eaten, in the court of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Mark 4:32	But when it is sown, it grows up, and becomes greater than all herbs, and shoots out great branches; so that the fowls of the air may lodge under the shadow of it.
Joshua 5:12	And the manna ceased on the morrow after they had eaten of the old corn of the land; neither had the children of Israel manna any more; but they did eat of the fruit of the land of Canaan that year.
Numbers 4:5	And when the camp sets forward, Aaron shall come, and his sons, and they shall take down the covering veil, and cover the ark of testimony with it:
Leviticus 13:36	Then the priest shall look on him: and, behold, if the scale be spread in the skin, the priest shall not seek for yellow hair; he is unclean.
Isaiah 14:5	The LORD has broken the staff of the wicked, and the scepter of the rulers.
Micah 6:11	Shall I count them pure with the wicked balances, and with the bag of deceitful weights?
Haggai 2:3	Who is left among you that saw this house in her first glory? and how do you see it now? is it not in your eyes in comparison of it as nothing?
Genesis 45:15	Moreover he kissed all his brothers, and wept on them: and after that his brothers talked with him.
Deuteronomy 16:21	You shall not plant you a grove of any trees near to the altar of the LORD your God, which you shall make you.
Matthew 28:11	Now when they were going, behold, some of the watch came into the city, and showed to the chief priests all the things that were done.
John 2:11	This beginning of miracles did Jesus in Cana of Galilee, and manifested forth his glory; and his disciples believed on him.
1 Timothy 2:12	But I suffer not a woman to teach, nor to usurp authority over the man, but to be in silence.
2 Samuel 18:8	For the battle was there scattered over the face of all the country: and the wood devoured more people that day than the sword devoured.
Romans 11:5	Even so then at this present time also there is a remnant according to the election of grace.
Luke 8:31	And they sought him that he would not command them to go out into the deep.
Exodus 2:2	And the woman conceived, and bore a son: and when she saw him that he was a goodly child, she hid him three months.
Psalm 44:6	For I will not trust in my bow, neither shall my sword save me.
Ezekiel 39:20	Thus you shall be filled at my table with horses and chariots, with mighty men, and with all men of war, said the Lord GOD.
Luke 22:27	For whether is greater, he that sits at meat, or he that serves? is not he that sits at meat? but I am among you as he that serves.
Matthew 7:17	Even so every good tree brings forth good fruit; but a corrupt tree brings forth evil fruit.
Isaiah 25:10	For in this mountain shall the hand of the LORD rest, and Moab shall be trodden down under him, even as straw is trodden down for the dunghill.
2 Samuel 19:17	And there were a thousand men of Benjamin with him, and Ziba the servant of the house of Saul, and his fifteen sons and his twenty servants with him; and they went over Jordan before the king.
Hebrews 12:15	Looking diligently lest any man fail of the grace of God; lest any root of bitterness springing up trouble you, and thereby many be defiled;
1 Chronicles 15:18	And with them their brothers of the second degree, Zechariah, Ben, and Jaaziel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Unni, Eliab, and Benaiah, and Maaseiah, and Mattithiah, and Elipheleh, and Mikneiah, and Obededom, and Jeiel, the porters.
John 16:17	Then said some of his disciples among themselves, What is this that he said to us, A little while, and you shall not see me: and again, a little while, and you shall see me: and, Because I go to the Father?
Nehemiah 11:7	And these are the sons of Benjamin; Sallu the son of Meshullam, the son of Joed, the son of Pedaiah, the son of Kolaiah, the son of Maaseiah, the son of Ithiel, the son of Jesaiah.
Proverbs 25:25	As cold waters to a thirsty soul, so is good news from a far country.
Psalm 53:3	Every one of them is gone back: they are altogether become filthy; there is none that does good, no, not one.
1 Chronicles 1:33	And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Henoch, and Abida, and Eldaah. All these are the sons of Keturah.
Exodus 13:15	And it came to pass, when Pharaoh would hardly let us go, that the LORD slew all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both the firstborn of man, and the firstborn of beast: therefore I sacrifice to the LORD all that opens the matrix, being males; but all the firstborn of my children I redeem.
Ezekiel 22:25	There is a conspiracy of her prophets in the middle thereof, like a roaring lion ravening the prey; they have devoured souls; they have taken the treasure and precious things; they have made her many widows in the middle thereof.
Mark 2:28	Therefore the Son of man is Lord also of the sabbath.
Exodus 26:29	And you shall overlay the boards with gold, and make their rings of gold for places for the bars: and you shall overlay the bars with gold.
Psalm 136:18	And slew famous kings: for his mercy endures for ever:
Psalm 107:19	Then they cry to the LORD in their trouble, and he saves them out of their distresses.
Leviticus 11:14	And the vulture, and the kite after his kind;
1 Chronicles 6:66	And the residue of the families of the sons of Kohath had cities of their coasts out of the tribe of Ephraim.
Romans 12:8	Or he that exhorts, on exhortation: he that gives, let him do it with simplicity; he that rules, with diligence; he that shows mercy, with cheerfulness.
Jeremiah 11:20	But, O LORD of hosts, that judge righteously, that try the reins and the heart, let me see your vengeance on them: for to you have I revealed my cause.
Jeremiah 22:18	Therefore thus said the LORD concerning Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah; They shall not lament for him, saying, Ah my brother! or, Ah sister! they shall not lament for him, saying, Ah lord! or, Ah his glory!
1 Chronicles 3:5	And these were born to him in Jerusalem; Shimea, and Shobab, and Nathan, and Solomon, four, of Bathshua the daughter of Ammiel:
Daniel 4:26	And whereas they commanded to leave the stump of the tree roots; your kingdom shall be sure to you, after that you shall have known that the heavens do rule.
Psalm 18:17	He delivered me from my strong enemy, and from them which hated me: for they were too strong for me.
Genesis 21:7	And she said, Who would have said to Abraham, that Sarah should have given children suck? for I have born him a son in his old age.
Jeremiah 50:32	And the most proud shall stumble and fall, and none shall raise him up: and I will kindle a fire in his cities, and it shall devour all round about him.
Proverbs 6:16	These six things does the LORD hate: yes, seven are an abomination to him:
Ezekiel 39:10	So that they shall take no wood out of the field, neither cut down any out of the forests; for they shall burn the weapons with fire: and they shall spoil those that spoiled them, and rob those that robbed them, said the Lord GOD.
1 Corinthians 10:29	Conscience, I say, not your own, but of the other: for why is my liberty judged of another man’s conscience?
Luke 22:50	And one of them smote the servant of the high priest, and cut off his right ear.
1 Samuel 1:3	And this man went up out of his city yearly to worship and to sacrifice to the LORD of hosts in Shiloh. And the two sons of Eli, Hophni and Phinehas, the priests of the LORD, were there.
2 Samuel 14:1	Now Joab the son of Zeruiah perceived that the king’s heart was toward Absalom.
Jeremiah 48:17	All you that are about him, bemoan him; and all you that know his name, say, How is the strong staff broken, and the beautiful rod!
Numbers 20:3	And the people strived with Moses, and spoke, saying, Would God that we had died when our brothers died before the LORD!
Nehemiah 12:47	And all Israel in the days of Zerubbabel, and in the days of Nehemiah, gave the portions of the singers and the porters, every day his portion: and they sanctified holy things to the Levites; and the Levites sanctified them to the children of Aaron.
Mark 5:40	And they laughed him to scorn. But when he had put them all out, he takes the father and the mother of the damsel, and them that were with him, and enters in where the damsel was lying.
Genesis 27:17	And she gave the savoury meat and the bread, which she had prepared, into the hand of her son Jacob.
Haggai 2:23	In that day, said the LORD of hosts, will I take you, O Zerubbabel, my servant, the son of Shealtiel, said the LORD, and will make you as a signet: for I have chosen you, said the LORD of hosts.
Numbers 28:29	A several tenth deal to one lamb, throughout the seven lambs;
Isaiah 48:13	My hand also has laid the foundation of the earth, and my right hand has spanned the heavens: when I call to them, they stand up together.
Song of Solomon 8:4	I charge you, O daughters of Jerusalem, that you stir not up, nor awake my love, until he please.
Matthew 23:10	Neither be you called masters: for one is your Master, even Christ.
Luke 9:2	And he sent them to preach the kingdom of God, and to heal the sick.
Ezekiel 16:32	But as a wife that commits adultery, which takes strangers instead of her husband!
Isaiah 59:12	For our transgressions are multiplied before you, and our sins testify against us: for our transgressions are with us; and as for our iniquities, we know them;
Psalm 119:170	Let my supplication come before you: deliver me according to your word.
Leviticus 22:23	Either a bullock or a lamb that has any thing superfluous or lacking in his parts, that may you offer for a freewill offering; but for a vow it shall not be accepted.
Acts 6:12	And they stirred up the people, and the elders, and the scribes, and came on him, and caught him, and brought him to the council,
Genesis 43:29	And he lifted up his eyes, and saw his brother Benjamin, his mother’s son, and said, Is this your younger brother, of whom you spoke to me? And he said, God be gracious to you, my son.
Luke 7:12	Now when he came near to the gate of the city, behold, there was a dead man carried out, the only son of his mother, and she was a widow: and much people of the city was with her.
Jeremiah 12:3	But you, O LORD, know me: you have seen me, and tried my heart toward you: pull them out like sheep for the slaughter, and prepare them for the day of slaughter.
Jeremiah 36:28	Take you again another roll, and write in it all the former words that were in the first roll, which Jehoiakim the king of Judah has burned.
Leviticus 3:3	And he shall offer of the sacrifice of the peace offering an offering made by fire to the LORD; the fat that covers the inwards, and all the fat that is on the inwards,
1 Kings 15:18	Then Asa took all the silver and the gold that were left in the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king’s house, and delivered them into the hand of his servants: and king Asa sent them to Benhadad, the son of Tabrimon, the son of Hezion, king of Syria, that dwelled at Damascus, saying,
Deuteronomy 11:27	A blessing, if you obey the commandments of the LORD your God, which I command you this day:
Joshua 12:24	The king of Tirzah, one: all the kings thirty and one.
Obadiah 1:12	But you should not have looked on the day of your brother in the day that he became a stranger; neither should you have rejoiced over the children of Judah in the day of their destruction; neither should you have spoken proudly in the day of distress.
Proverbs 31:15	She rises also while it is yet night, and gives meat to her household, and a portion to her maidens.
Matthew 27:56	Among which was Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James and Joses, and the mother of Zebedees children.
Joshua 6:16	And it came to pass at the seventh time, when the priests blew with the trumpets, Joshua said to the people, Shout; for the LORD has given you the city.
Genesis 46:7	His sons, and his sons’ sons with him, his daughters, and his sons’ daughters, and all his seed brought he with him into Egypt.
Job 21:33	The clods of the valley shall be sweet to him, and every man shall draw after him, as there are innumerable before him.
Ezekiel 33:14	Again, when I say to the wicked, You shall surely die; if he turn from his sin, and do that which is lawful and right;
1 Peter 2:12	Having your conversation honest among the Gentiles: that, whereas they speak against you as evildoers, they may by your good works, which they shall behold, glorify God in the day of visitation.
Revelation 3:20	Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with me.
Jeremiah 44:2	Thus said the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; You have seen all the evil that I have brought on Jerusalem, and on all the cities of Judah; and, behold, this day they are a desolation, and no man dwells therein,
Judges 11:39	And it came to pass at the end of two months, that she returned to her father, who did with her according to his vow which he had vowed: and she knew no man. And it was a custom in Israel,
Joshua 10:32	And the LORD delivered Lachish into the hand of Israel, which took it on the second day, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and all the souls that were therein, according to all that he had done to Libnah.
Exodus 19:13	There shall not an hand touch it, but he shall surely be stoned, or shot through; whether it be beast or man, it shall not live: when the trumpet sounds long, they shall come up to the mount.
Hosea 13:6	According to their pasture, so were they filled; they were filled, and their heart was exalted; therefore have they forgotten me.
Ecclesiastes 12:14	For God shall bring every work into judgment, with every secret thing, whether it be good, or whether it be evil.
Leviticus 20:11	And the man that lies with his father’s wife has uncovered his father’s nakedness: both of them shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be on them.
Genesis 49:26	The blessings of your father have prevailed above the blessings of my progenitors to the utmost bound of the everlasting hills: they shall be on the head of Joseph, and on the crown of the head of him that was separate from his brothers.
Leviticus 11:47	To make a difference between the unclean and the clean, and between the beast that may be eaten and the beast that may not be eaten.
Luke 19:34	And they said, The Lord has need of him.
Isaiah 45:12	I have made the earth, and created man on it: I, even my hands, have stretched out the heavens, and all their host have I commanded.
Mark 10:34	And they shall mock him, and shall whip him, and shall spit on him, and shall kill him: and the third day he shall rise again.
Matthew 9:23	And when Jesus came into the ruler’s house, and saw the minstrels and the people making a noise,
2 Kings 25:18	And the captain of the guard took Seraiah the chief priest, and Zephaniah the second priest, and the three keepers of the door:
Ezekiel 5:6	And she has changed my judgments into wickedness more than the nations, and my statutes more than the countries that are round about her: for they have refused my judgments and my statutes, they have not walked in them.
Ezra 7:8	And he came to Jerusalem in the fifth month, which was in the seventh year of the king.
Genesis 42:1	Now when Jacob saw that there was corn in Egypt, Jacob said to his sons, Why do you look one on another?
Acts 8:7	For unclean spirits, crying with loud voice, came out of many that were possessed with them: and many taken with palsies, and that were lame, were healed.
Mark 10:9	What therefore God has joined together, let not man put asunder.
Ezekiel 34:21	Because you have thrust with side and with shoulder, and pushed all the diseased with your horns, till you have scattered them abroad;
Acts 20:32	And now, brothers, I commend you to God, and to the word of his grace, which is able to build you up, and to give you an inheritance among all them which are sanctified.
Jude 1:8	Likewise also these filthy dreamers defile the flesh, despise dominion, and speak evil of dignities.
Deuteronomy 28:15	But it shall come to pass, if you will not listen to the voice of the LORD your God, to observe to do all his commandments and his statutes which I command you this day; that all these curses shall come on you, and overtake you:
Psalm 119:23	Princes also did sit and speak against me: but your servant did meditate in your statutes.
1 Kings 2:26	And to Abiathar the priest said the king, Get you to Anathoth, to your own fields; for you are worthy of death: but I will not at this time put you to death, because you bore the ark of the LORD God before David my father, and because you have been afflicted in all wherein my father was afflicted.
Acts 16:8	And they passing by Mysia came down to Troas.
John 1:9	That was the true Light, which lights every man that comes into the world.
Jeremiah 50:6	My people has been lost sheep: their shepherds have caused them to go astray, they have turned them away on the mountains: they have gone from mountain to hill, they have forgotten their resting place.
Isaiah 10:16	Therefore shall the Lord, the Lord of hosts, send among his fat ones leanness; and under his glory he shall kindle a burning like the burning of a fire.
Job 32:13	Lest you should say, We have found out wisdom: God thrusts him down, not man.
Job 15:17	I will show you, hear me; and that which I have seen I will declare;
2 Peter 1:10	Why the rather, brothers, give diligence to make your calling and election sure: for if you do these things, you shall never fall:
Colossians 3:5	Mortify therefore your members which are on the earth; fornication, uncleanness, inordinate affection, evil concupiscence, and covetousness, which is idolatry:
Jeremiah 6:22	Thus said the LORD, Behold, a people comes from the north country, and a great nation shall be raised from the sides of the earth.
2 Kings 5:27	The leprosy therefore of Naaman shall stick to you, and to your seed for ever. And he went out from his presence a leper as white as snow.
Zephaniah 2:7	And the coast shall be for the remnant of the house of Judah; they shall feed thereupon: in the houses of Ashkelon shall they lie down in the evening: for the LORD their God shall visit them, and turn away their captivity.
John 11:1	Now a certain man was sick, named Lazarus, of Bethany, the town of Mary and her sister Martha.
2 Chronicles 6:22	If a man sin against his neighbor, and an oath be laid on him to make him swear, and the oath come before your altar in this house;
Jeremiah 30:22	And you shall be my people, and I will be your God.
1 Corinthians 10:14	Why, my dearly beloved, flee from idolatry.
Matthew 23:4	For they bind heavy burdens and grievous to be borne, and lay them on men’s shoulders; but they themselves will not move them with one of their fingers.
Revelation 12:13	And when the dragon saw that he was cast to the earth, he persecuted the woman which brought forth the man child.
Exodus 39:28	And a turban of fine linen, and goodly bonnets of fine linen, and linen breeches of fine twined linen,
Leviticus 14:16	And the priest shall dip his right finger in the oil that is in his left hand, and shall sprinkle of the oil with his finger seven times before the LORD:
Joshua 15:56	And Jezreel, and Jokdeam, and Zanoah,
2 Corinthians 8:15	As it is written, He that had gathered much had nothing over; and he that had gathered little had no lack.
Ezekiel 9:6	Slay utterly old and young, both maids, and little children, and women: but come not near any man on whom is the mark; and begin at my sanctuary. Then they began at the ancient men which were before the house.
Deuteronomy 7:20	Moreover the LORD your God will send the hornet among them, until they that are left, and hide themselves from you, be destroyed.
John 20:6	Then comes Simon Peter following him, and went into the sepulcher, and sees the linen clothes lie,
Genesis 27:3	Now therefore take, I pray you, your weapons, your quiver and your bow, and go out to the field, and take me some venison;
John 17:7	Now they have known that all things whatever you have given me are of you.
Malachi 1:14	But cursed be the deceiver, which has in his flock a male, and vows, and sacrifices to the LORD a corrupt thing: for I am a great King, said the LORD of hosts, and my name is dreadful among the heathen.
1 Timothy 6:2	And they that have believing masters, let them not despise them, because they are brothers; but rather do them service, because they are faithful and beloved, partakers of the benefit. These things teach and exhort.
Numbers 16:32	And the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed them up, and their houses, and all the men that appertained to Korah, and all their goods.
Esther 5:8	If I have found favor in the sight of the king, and if it please the king to grant my petition, and to perform my request, let the king and Haman come to the banquet that I shall prepare for them, and I will do to morrow as the king has said.
Psalm 37:12	The wicked plots against the just, and gnashes on him with his teeth.
1 Samuel 20:34	So Jonathan arose from the table in fierce anger, and did eat no meat the second day of the month: for he was grieved for David, because his father had done him shame.
Psalm 69:2	I sink in deep mire, where there is no standing: I am come into deep waters, where the floods overflow me.
Isaiah 45:19	I have not spoken in secret, in a dark place of the earth: I said not to the seed of Jacob, Seek you me in vain: I the LORD speak righteousness, I declare things that are right.
Revelation 18:1	And after these things I saw another angel come down from heaven, having great power; and the earth was lightened with his glory.
1 Corinthians 4:1	Let a man so account of us, as of the ministers of Christ, and stewards of the mysteries of God.
Job 39:28	She dwells and stays on the rock, on the crag of the rock, and the strong place.
Ezekiel 1:19	And when the living creatures went, the wheels went by them: and when the living creatures were lifted up from the earth, the wheels were lifted up.
Titus 1:14	Not giving heed to Jewish fables, and commandments of men, that turn from the truth.
Proverbs 7:10	And, behold, there met him a woman with the attire of an harlot, and subtle of heart.
Joshua 19:35	And the fenced cities are Ziddim, Zer, and Hammath, Rakkath, and Chinnereth,
2 Chronicles 29:5	And said to them, Hear me, you Levites, sanctify now yourselves, and sanctify the house of the LORD God of your fathers, and carry forth the filthiness out of the holy place.
Leviticus 25:30	And if it be not redeemed within the space of a full year, then the house that is in the walled city shall be established for ever to him that bought it throughout his generations: it shall not go out in the jubilee.
Ezekiel 45:1	Moreover, when you shall divide by lot the land for inheritance, you shall offer an oblation to the LORD, an holy portion of the land: the length shall be the length of five and twenty thousand reeds, and the breadth shall be ten thousand. This shall be holy in all the borders thereof round about.
Matthew 5:11	Blessed are you, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake.
2 Chronicles 2:18	And he set three score and ten thousand of them to be bearers of burdens, and fourscore thousand to be hewers in the mountain, and three thousand and six hundred overseers to set the people a work.
Joshua 15:23	And Kedesh, and Hazor, and Ithnan,
Job 20:3	I have heard the check of my reproach, and the spirit of my understanding causes me to answer.
Numbers 9:12	They shall leave none of it to the morning, nor break any bone of it: according to all the ordinances of the passover they shall keep it.
Deuteronomy 2:16	So it came to pass, when all the men of war were consumed and dead from among the people,
Mark 4:30	And he said, Whereunto shall we liken the kingdom of God? or with what comparison shall we compare it?
John 18:28	Then led they Jesus from Caiaphas to the hall of judgment: and it was early; and they themselves went not into the judgment hall, lest they should be defiled; but that they might eat the passover.
Proverbs 17:4	A wicked doer gives heed to false lips; and a liar gives ear to a naughty tongue.
Romans 16:26	But now is made manifest, and by the scriptures of the prophets, according to the commandment of the everlasting God, made known to all nations for the obedience of faith:
Daniel 12:4	But you, O Daniel, shut up the words, and seal the book, even to the time of the end: many shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall be increased.
Deuteronomy 3:22	You shall not fear them: for the LORD your God he shall fight for you.
Job 33:18	He keeps back his soul from the pit, and his life from perishing by the sword.
Jeremiah 26:7	So the priests and the prophets and all the people heard Jeremiah speaking these words in the house of the LORD.
Genesis 12:20	And Pharaoh commanded his men concerning him: and they sent him away, and his wife, and all that he had.
Ezekiel 40:16	And there were narrow windows to the little chambers, and to their posts within the gate round about, and likewise to the arches: and windows were round about inward: and on each post were palm trees.
Romans 3:6	God forbid: for then how shall God judge the world?
1 Samuel 14:48	And he gathered an host, and smote the Amalekites, and delivered Israel out of the hands of them that spoiled them.
Psalm 36:12	There are the workers of iniquity fallen: they are cast down, and shall not be able to rise.
1 Samuel 11:15	And all the people went to Gilgal; and there they made Saul king before the LORD in Gilgal; and there they sacrificed sacrifices of peace offerings before the LORD; and there Saul and all the men of Israel rejoiced greatly.
Numbers 31:28	And levy a tribute to the Lord of the men of war which went out to battle: one soul of five hundred, both of the persons, and of the beeves, and of the asses, and of the sheep:
Numbers 19:19	And the clean person shall sprinkle on the unclean on the third day, and on the seventh day: and on the seventh day he shall purify himself, and wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and shall be clean at even.
Exodus 4:12	Now therefore go, and I will be with your mouth, and teach you what you shall say.
Isaiah 54:14	In righteousness shall you be established: you shall be far from oppression; for you shall not fear: and from terror; for it shall not come near you.
Luke 12:57	Yes, and why even of yourselves judge you not what is right?
Lamentations 4:3	Even the sea monsters draw out the breast, they give suck to their young ones: the daughter of my people is become cruel, like the ostriches in the wilderness.
Jeremiah 27:4	And command them to say to their masters, Thus said the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Thus shall you say to your masters;
1 Samuel 3:11	And the LORD said to Samuel, Behold, I will do a thing in Israel, at which both the ears of every one that hears it shall tingle.
Ezekiel 20:49	Then said I, Ah Lord GOD! they say of me, Does he not speak parables?
Genesis 45:22	To all of them he gave each man changes of raiment; but to Benjamin he gave three hundred pieces of silver, and five changes of raiment.
1 Kings 18:33	And he put the wood in order, and cut the bullock in pieces, and laid him on the wood, and said, Fill four barrels with water, and pour it on the burnt sacrifice, and on the wood.
Job 36:1	Elihu also proceeded, and said,
Matthew 25:8	And the foolish said to the wise, Give us of your oil; for our lamps are gone out.
1 Samuel 10:24	And Samuel said to all the people, See you him whom the LORD has chosen, that there is none like him among all the people? And all the people shouted, and said, God save the king.
Luke 13:2	And Jesus answering said to them, Suppose you that these Galilaeans were sinners above all the Galilaeans, because they suffered such things?
Deuteronomy 18:1	The priests the Levites, and all the tribe of Levi, shall have no part nor inheritance with Israel: they shall eat the offerings of the LORD made by fire, and his inheritance.
Proverbs 24:13	My son, eat you honey, because it is good; and the honeycomb, which is sweet to your taste:
Job 32:12	Yes, I attended to you, and, behold, there was none of you that convinced Job, or that answered his words:
Luke 9:50	And Jesus said to him, Forbid him not: for he that is not against us is for us.
Jeremiah 48:41	Kerioth is taken, and the strong holds are surprised, and the mighty men’s hearts in Moab at that day shall be as the heart of a woman in her pangs.
Micah 4:8	And you, O tower of the flock, the strong hold of the daughter of Zion, to you shall it come, even the first dominion; the kingdom shall come to the daughter of Jerusalem.
1 John 1:3	That which we have seen and heard declare we to you, that you also may have fellowship with us: and truly our fellowship is with the Father, and with his Son Jesus Christ.
1 Chronicles 5:26	And the God of Israel stirred up the spirit of Pul king of Assyria, and the spirit of Tilgathpilneser king of Assyria, and he carried them away, even the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half tribe of Manasseh, and brought them to Halah, and Habor, and Hara, and to the river Gozan, to this day.
Mark 12:7	But those farmers said among themselves, This is the heir; come, let us kill him, and the inheritance shall be our’s.
Job 15:29	He shall not be rich, neither shall his substance continue, neither shall he prolong the perfection thereof on the earth.
1 Chronicles 5:1	Now the sons of Reuben the firstborn of Israel, (for he was the firstborn; but for as much as he defiled his father’s bed, his birthright was given to the sons of Joseph the son of Israel: and the genealogy is not to be reckoned after the birthright.
Daniel 11:15	So the king of the north shall come, and cast up a mount, and take the most fenced cities: and the arms of the south shall not withstand, neither his chosen people, neither shall there be any strength to withstand.
Genesis 27:35	And he said, Your brother came with subtlety, and has taken away your blessing.
1 Chronicles 29:21	And they sacrificed sacrifices to the LORD, and offered burnt offerings to the LORD, on the morrow after that day, even a thousand bullocks, a thousand rams, and a thousand lambs, with their drink offerings, and sacrifices in abundance for all Israel:
1 Timothy 3:5	(For if a man know not how to rule his own house, how shall he take care of the church of God?)
John 5:19	Then answered Jesus and said to them, Truly, truly, I say to you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he sees the Father do: for what things soever he does, these also does the Son likewise.
Exodus 16:27	And it came to pass, that there went out some of the people on the seventh day for to gather, and they found none.
Psalm 49:6	They that trust in their wealth, and boast themselves in the multitude of their riches;
Luke 1:20	And, behold, you shall be dumb, and not able to speak, until the day that these things shall be performed, because you believe not my words, which shall be fulfilled in their season.
Proverbs 8:26	While as yet he had not made the earth, nor the fields, nor the highest part of the dust of the world.
Deuteronomy 24:14	You shall not oppress an hired servant that is poor and needy, whether he be of your brothers, or of your strangers that are in your land within your gates:
Luke 22:24	And there was also a strife among them, which of them should be accounted the greatest.
Ezekiel 46:10	And the prince in the middle of them, when they go in, shall go in; and when they go forth, shall go forth.
Isaiah 23:3	And by great waters the seed of Sihor, the harvest of the river, is her revenue; and she is a mart of nations.
1 Samuel 25:15	But the men were very good to us, and we were not hurt, neither missed we any thing, as long as we were conversant with them, when we were in the fields:
Isaiah 41:12	You shall seek them, and shall not find them, even them that contended with you: they that war against you shall be as nothing, and as a thing of nothing.
Joshua 15:47	Ashdod with her towns and her villages, Gaza with her towns and her villages, to the river of Egypt, and the great sea, and the border thereof:
1 Samuel 26:9	And David said to Abishai, Destroy him not: for who can stretch forth his hand against the LORD’s anointed, and be guiltless?
Daniel 4:8	But at the last Daniel came in before me, whose name was Belteshazzar, according to the name of my God, and in whom is the spirit of the holy gods: and before him I told the dream, saying,
John 6:40	And this is the will of him that sent me, that every one which sees the Son, and believes on him, may have everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day.
2 Kings 3:16	And he said, Thus said the LORD, Make this valley full of ditches.
Isaiah 22:17	Behold, the LORD will carry you away with a mighty captivity, and will surely cover you.
Psalm 119:11	Your word have I hid in my heart, that I might not sin against you.
Deuteronomy 5:22	These words the LORD spoke to all your assembly in the mount out of the middle of the fire, of the cloud, and of the thick darkness, with a great voice: and he added no more. And he wrote them in two tables of stone, and delivered them to me.
John 6:36	But I said to you, That you also have seen me, and believe not.
Isaiah 50:1	Thus said the LORD, Where is the bill of your mother’s divorce, whom I have put away? or which of my creditors is it to whom I have sold you? Behold, for your iniquities have you sold yourselves, and for your transgressions is your mother put away.
Zechariah 14:17	And it shall be, that whoever will not come up of all the families of the earth to Jerusalem to worship the King, the LORD of hosts, even on them shall be no rain.
1 Chronicles 16:29	Give to the LORD the glory due to his name: bring an offering, and come before him: worship the LORD in the beauty of holiness.
Isaiah 47:11	Therefore shall evil come on you; you shall not know from where it rises: and mischief shall fall on you; you shall not be able to put it off: and desolation shall come on you suddenly, which you shall not know.
Acts 12:12	And when he had considered the thing, he came to the house of Mary the mother of John, whose surname was Mark; where many were gathered together praying.
Genesis 23:12	And Abraham bowed down himself before the people of the land.
Numbers 22:24	But the angel of the LORD stood in a path of the vineyards, a wall being on this side, and a wall on that side.
Genesis 2:3	And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made.
Joshua 16:5	And the border of the children of Ephraim according to their families was thus: even the border of their inheritance on the east side was Atarothaddar, to Bethhoron the upper;
Colossians 1:1	Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, and Timotheus our brother,
Genesis 50:1	And Joseph fell on his father’s face, and wept on him, and kissed him.
Revelation 14:15	And another angel came out of the temple, crying with a loud voice to him that sat on the cloud, Thrust in your sickle, and reap: for the time is come for you to reap; for the harvest of the earth is ripe.
2 Samuel 2:11	And the time that David was king in Hebron over the house of Judah was seven years and six months.
1 Chronicles 10:2	And the Philistines followed hard after Saul, and after his sons; and the Philistines slew Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Malchishua, the sons of Saul.
Ezekiel 11:21	But as for them whose heart walks after the heart of their detestable things and their abominations, I will recompense their way on their own heads, said the Lord GOD.
Job 36:24	Remember that you magnify his work, which men behold.
1 Samuel 29:8	And David said to Achish, But what have I done? and what have you found in your servant so long as I have been with you to this day, that I may not go fight against the enemies of my lord the king?
2 Samuel 22:22	For I have kept the ways of the LORD, and have not wickedly departed from my God.
Job 36:27	For he makes small the drops of water: they pour down rain according to the vapor thereof:
Philemon 1:17	If you count me therefore a partner, receive him as myself.
John 19:38	And after this Joseph of Arimathaea, being a disciple of Jesus, but secretly for fear of the Jews, sought Pilate that he might take away the body of Jesus: and Pilate gave him leave. He came therefore, and took the body of Jesus.
Luke 24:35	And they told what things were done in the way, and how he was known of them in breaking of bread.
1 Samuel 15:15	And Saul said, They have brought them from the Amalekites: for the people spared the best of the sheep and of the oxen, to sacrifice to the LORD your God; and the rest we have utterly destroyed.
Numbers 20:17	Let us pass, I pray you, through your country: we will not pass through the fields, or through the vineyards, neither will we drink of the water of the wells: we will go by the king’s high way, we will not turn to the right hand nor to the left, until we have passed your borders.
Daniel 12:6	And one said to the man clothed in linen, which was on the waters of the river, How long shall it be to the end of these wonders?
Jeremiah 6:25	Go not forth into the field, nor walk by the way; for the sword of the enemy and fear is on every side.
Philippians 4:18	But I have all, and abound: I am full, having received of Epaphroditus the things which were sent from you, an odor of a sweet smell, a sacrifice acceptable, well pleasing to God.
Nehemiah 12:46	For in the days of David and Asaph of old there were chief of the singers, and songs of praise and thanksgiving to God.
Numbers 19:17	And for an unclean person they shall take of the ashes of the burnt heifer of purification for sin, and running water shall be put thereto in a vessel:
Exodus 1:2	Reuben, Simeon, Levi, and Judah,
1 John 3:19	And hereby we know that we are of the truth, and shall assure our hearts before him.
2 Chronicles 25:28	And they brought him on horses, and buried him with his fathers in the city of Judah.
2 Corinthians 13:9	For we are glad, when we are weak, and you are strong: and this also we wish, even your perfection.
Numbers 6:8	All the days of his separation he is holy to the LORD.
Jeremiah 52:27	And the king of Babylon smote them, and put them to death in Riblah in the land of Hamath. Thus Judah was carried away captive out of his own land.
Jeremiah 42:14	Saying, No; but we will go into the land of Egypt, where we shall see no war, nor hear the sound of the trumpet, nor have hunger of bread; and there will we dwell:
Revelation 15:2	And I saw as it were a sea of glass mingled with fire: and them that had gotten the victory over the beast, and over his image, and over his mark, and over the number of his name, stand on the sea of glass, having the harps of God.
Nehemiah 7:70	And some of the chief of the fathers gave to the work. The Tirshatha gave to the treasure a thousand drams of gold, fifty basins, five hundred and thirty priests’ garments.
Zechariah 9:7	And I will take away his blood out of his mouth, and his abominations from between his teeth: but he that remains, even he, shall be for our God, and he shall be as a governor in Judah, and Ekron as a Jebusite.
Matthew 26:58	But Peter followed him afar off to the high priest’s palace, and went in, and sat with the servants, to see the end.
Isaiah 51:6	Lift up your eyes to the heavens, and look on the earth beneath: for the heavens shall vanish away like smoke, and the earth shall wax old like a garment, and they that dwell therein shall die in like manner: but my salvation shall be for ever, and my righteousness shall not be abolished.
Jeremiah 50:26	Come against her from the utmost border, open her storehouses: cast her up as heaps, and destroy her utterly: let nothing of her be left.
Jeremiah 29:9	For they prophesy falsely to you in my name: I have not sent them, said the LORD.
Isaiah 6:11	Then said I, Lord, how long? And he answered, Until the cities be wasted without inhabitant, and the houses without man, and the land be utterly desolate,
Deuteronomy 1:39	Moreover your little ones, which you said should be a prey, and your children, which in that day had no knowledge between good and evil, they shall go in thither, and to them will I give it, and they shall possess it.
Ezekiel 40:2	In the visions of God brought he me into the land of Israel, and set me on a very high mountain, by which was as the frame of a city on the south.
Deuteronomy 27:23	Cursed be he that lies with his mother in law. And all the people shall say, Amen.
1 Chronicles 5:11	And the children of Gad dwelled over against them, in the land of Bashan to Salcah:
Genesis 50:16	And they sent a messenger to Joseph, saying, Your father did command before he died, saying,
Genesis 36:43	Duke Magdiel, duke Iram: these be the dukes of Edom, according to their habitations in the land of their possession: he is Esau the father of the Edomites.
Deuteronomy 21:1	If one be found slain in the land which the LORD your God gives you to possess it, lying in the field, and it be not known who has slain him:
Ezekiel 18:6	And has not eaten on the mountains, neither has lifted up his eyes to the idols of the house of Israel, neither has defiled his neighbor’s wife, neither has come near to a menstruous woman,
1 Corinthians 11:6	For if the woman be not covered, let her also be shorn: but if it be a shame for a woman to be shorn or shaven, let her be covered.
2 Kings 17:2	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, but not as the kings of Israel that were before him.
2 Samuel 19:24	And Mephibosheth the son of Saul came down to meet the king, and had neither dressed his feet, nor trimmed his beard, nor washed his clothes, from the day the king departed until the day he came again in peace.
Matthew 25:28	Take therefore the talent from him, and give it to him which has ten talents.
1 John 3:21	Beloved, if our heart condemn us not, then have we confidence toward God.
1 Samuel 15:7	And Saul smote the Amalekites from Havilah until you come to Shur, that is over against Egypt.
Jeremiah 7:16	Therefore pray not you for this people, neither lift up cry nor prayer for them, neither make intercession to me: for I will not hear you.
Numbers 4:40	Even those that were numbered of them, throughout their families, by the house of their fathers, were two thousand and six hundred and thirty.
Genesis 36:27	The children of Ezer are these; Bilhan, and Zaavan, and Akan.
Deuteronomy 22:9	You shall not sow your vineyard with divers seeds: lest the fruit of your seed which you have sown, and the fruit of your vineyard, be defiled.
Romans 14:8	For whether we live, we live to the Lord; and whether we die, we die to the Lord: whether we live therefore, or die, we are the Lord’s.
Mark 10:31	But many that are first shall be last; and the last first.
Romans 15:13	Now the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, that you may abound in hope, through the power of the Holy Ghost.
Hebrews 7:6	But he whose descent is not counted from them received tithes of Abraham, and blessed him that had the promises.
Matthew 13:35	That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, saying, I will open my mouth in parables; I will utter things which have been kept secret from the foundation of the world.
Isaiah 49:5	And now, said the LORD that formed me from the womb to be his servant, to bring Jacob again to him, Though Israel be not gathered, yet shall I be glorious in the eyes of the LORD, and my God shall be my strength.
Mark 9:37	Whoever shall receive one of such children in my name, receives me: and whoever shall receive me, receives not me, but him that sent me.
Mark 14:42	Rise up, let us go; see, he that betrays me is at hand.
1 Chronicles 5:21	And they took away their cattle; of their camels fifty thousand, and of sheep two hundred and fifty thousand, and of asses two thousand, and of men an hundred thousand.
1 Samuel 15:33	And Samuel said, As the sword has made women childless, so shall your mother be childless among women. And Samuel hewed Agag in pieces before the LORD in Gilgal.
1 Kings 14:26	And he took away the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king’s house; he even took away all: and he took away all the shields of gold which Solomon had made.
Luke 22:18	For I say to you, I will not drink of the fruit of the vine, until the kingdom of God shall come.
Acts 9:29	And he spoke boldly in the name of the Lord Jesus, and disputed against the Grecians: but they went about to slay him.
Nehemiah 10:27	Malluch, Harim, Baanah.
Job 16:18	O earth, cover not you my blood, and let my cry have no place.
Numbers 25:18	For they vex you with their wiles, with which they have beguiled you in the matter of Peor, and in the matter of Cozbi, the daughter of a prince of Midian, their sister, which was slain in the day of the plague for Peor’s sake.
Genesis 27:33	And Isaac trembled very exceedingly, and said, Who? where is he that has taken venison, and brought it me, and I have eaten of all before you came, and have blessed him? yes, and he shall be blessed.
Isaiah 56:6	Also the sons of the stranger, that join themselves to the LORD, to serve him, and to love the name of the LORD, to be his servants, every one that keeps the sabbath from polluting it, and takes hold of my covenant;
Isaiah 66:15	For, behold, the LORD will come with fire, and with his chariots like a whirlwind, to render his anger with fury, and his rebuke with flames of fire.
Zechariah 8:16	These are the things that you shall do; Speak you every man the truth to his neighbor; execute the judgment of truth and peace in your gates:
Genesis 17:26	In the selfsame day was Abraham circumcised, and Ishmael his son.
1 Thessalonians 4:10	And indeed you do it toward all the brothers which are in all Macedonia: but we beseech you, brothers, that you increase more and more;
1 Kings 18:22	Then said Elijah to the people, I, even I only, remain a prophet of the LORD; but Baal’s prophets are four hundred and fifty men.
2 Thessalonians 2:7	For the mystery of iniquity does already work: only he who now lets will let, until he be taken out of the way.
Romans 15:19	Through mighty signs and wonders, by the power of the Spirit of God; so that from Jerusalem, and round about to Illyricum, I have fully preached the gospel of Christ.
Genesis 5:2	Male and female created he them; and blessed them, and called their name Adam, in the day when they were created.
Leviticus 15:8	And if he that has the issue spit on him that is clean; then he shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.
Deuteronomy 2:15	For indeed the hand of the LORD was against them, to destroy them from among the host, until they were consumed.
1 Kings 8:62	And the king, and all Israel with him, offered sacrifice before the LORD.
1 Chronicles 11:2	And moreover in time past, even when Saul was king, you were he that led out and brought in Israel: and the LORD your God said to you, You shall feed my people Israel, and you shall be ruler over my people Israel.
Jeremiah 27:16	Also I spoke to the priests and to all this people, saying, Thus said the LORD; Listen not to the words of your prophets that prophesy to you, saying, Behold, the vessels of the LORD’s house shall now shortly be brought again from Babylon: for they prophesy a lie to you.
Isaiah 42:18	Hear, you deaf; and look, you blind, that you may see.
Proverbs 25:8	Go not forth hastily to strive, lest you know not what to do in the end thereof, when your neighbor has put you to shame.
1 Samuel 17:48	And it came to pass, when the Philistine arose, and came, and drew near to meet David, that David hastened, and ran toward the army to meet the Philistine.
Exodus 9:22	And the LORD said to Moses, Stretch forth your hand toward heaven, that there may be hail in all the land of Egypt, on man, and on beast, and on every herb of the field, throughout the land of Egypt.
Mark 8:12	And he sighed deeply in his spirit, and said, Why does this generation seek after a sign? truly I say to you, There shall no sign be given to this generation.
John 1:32	And John bore record, saying, I saw the Spirit descending from heaven like a dove, and it stayed on him.
Genesis 41:17	And Pharaoh said to Joseph, In my dream, behold, I stood on the bank of the river:
Isaiah 64:7	And there is none that calls on your name, that stirs up himself to take hold of you: for you have hid your face from us, and have consumed us, because of our iniquities.
Isaiah 41:20	That they may see, and know, and consider, and understand together, that the hand of the LORD has done this, and the Holy One of Israel has created it.
Proverbs 28:4	They that forsake the law praise the wicked: but such as keep the law contend with them.
1 Samuel 19:2	But Jonathan Saul’s son delighted much in David: and Jonathan told David, saying, Saul my father seeks to kill you: now therefore, I pray you, take heed to yourself until the morning, and abide in a secret place, and hide yourself:
1 Kings 13:28	And he went and found his carcass cast in the way, and the ass and the lion standing by the carcass: the lion had not eaten the carcass, nor torn the ass.
Genesis 31:44	Now therefore come you, let us make a covenant, I and you; and let it be for a witness between me and you.
Job 40:23	Behold, he drinks up a river, and hastens not: he trusts that he can draw up Jordan into his mouth.
Matthew 24:1	And Jesus went out, and departed from the temple: and his disciples came to him for to show him the buildings of the temple.
Jeremiah 6:6	For thus has the LORD of hosts said, Hew you down trees, and cast a mount against Jerusalem: this is the city to be visited; she is wholly oppression in the middle of her.
Song of Solomon 8:9	If she be a wall, we will build on her a palace of silver: and if she be a door, we will enclose her with boards of cedar.
Isaiah 12:4	And in that day shall you say, Praise the LORD, call on his name, declare his doings among the people, make mention that his name is exalted.
Song of Solomon 4:13	Your plants are an orchard of pomegranates, with pleasant fruits; camphire, with spikenard,
Ecclesiastes 9:6	Also their love, and their hatred, and their envy, is now perished; neither have they any more a portion for ever in any thing that is done under the sun.
Psalm 6:8	Depart from me, all you workers of iniquity; for the LORD has heard the voice of my weeping.
2 Kings 9:5	And when he came, behold, the captains of the host were sitting; and he said, I have an errand to you, O captain. And Jehu said, To which of all us? And he said, To you, O captain.
Psalm 104:27	These wait all on you; that you may give them their meat in due season.
Numbers 13:9	Of the tribe of Benjamin, Palti the son of Raphu.
Jeremiah 48:13	And Moab shall be ashamed of Chemosh, as the house of Israel was ashamed of Bethel their confidence.
1 Corinthians 14:19	Yet in the church I had rather speak five words with my understanding, that by my voice I might teach others also, than ten thousand words in an unknown tongue.
Jeremiah 13:6	And it came to pass after many days, that the LORD said to me, Arise, go to Euphrates, and take the girdle from there, which I commanded you to hide there.
Leviticus 1:4	And he shall put his hand on the head of the burnt offering; and it shall be accepted for him to make atonement for him.
Leviticus 17:16	But if he wash them not, nor bathe his flesh; then he shall bear his iniquity.
Joshua 19:39	This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Naphtali according to their families, the cities and their villages.
2 Samuel 15:23	And all the country wept with a loud voice, and all the people passed over: the king also himself passed over the brook Kidron, and all the people passed over, toward the way of the wilderness.
Numbers 7:85	Each charger of silver weighing an hundred and thirty shekels, each bowl seventy: all the silver vessels weighed two thousand and four hundred shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary:
Haggai 1:3	Then came the word of the LORD by Haggai the prophet, saying,
Judges 7:19	So Gideon, and the hundred men that were with him, came to the outside of the camp in the beginning of the middle watch; and they had but newly set the watch: and they blew the trumpets, and broke the pitchers that were in their hands.
Acts 18:15	But if it be a question of words and names, and of your law, look you to it; for I will be no judge of such matters.
Joshua 24:23	Now therefore put away, said he, the strange gods which are among you, and incline your heart to the LORD God of Israel.
Lamentations 1:1	How does the city sit solitary, that was full of people! how is she become as a widow! she that was great among the nations, and princess among the provinces, how is she become tributary!
Luke 8:48	And he said to her, Daughter, be of good comfort: your faith has made you whole; go in peace.
1 Samuel 14:27	But Jonathan heard not when his father charged the people with the oath: why he put forth the end of the rod that was in his hand, and dipped it in an honeycomb, and put his hand to his mouth; and his eyes were enlightened.
Isaiah 41:6	They helped every one his neighbor; and every one said to his brother, Be of good courage.
Proverbs 7:16	I have decked my bed with coverings of tapestry, with carved works, with fine linen of Egypt.
Exodus 28:17	And you shall set in it settings of stones, even four rows of stones: the first row shall be a sardius, a topaz, and a carbuncle: this shall be the first row.
Leviticus 6:16	And the remainder thereof shall Aaron and his sons eat: with unleavened bread shall it be eaten in the holy place; in the court of the tabernacle of the congregation they shall eat it.
Romans 10:2	For I bear them record that they have a zeal of God, but not according to knowledge.
Isaiah 16:9	Therefore I will mourn with the weeping of Jazer the vine of Sibmah: I will water you with my tears, O Heshbon, and Elealeh: for the shouting for your summer fruits and for your harvest is fallen.
2 Chronicles 23:12	Now when Athaliah heard the noise of the people running and praising the king, she came to the people into the house of the LORD:
Galatians 3:19	Why then serves the law? It was added because of transgressions, till the seed should come to whom the promise was made; and it was ordained by angels in the hand of a mediator.
Ezekiel 25:16	Therefore thus said the Lord GOD; Behold, I will stretch out my hand on the Philistines, and I will cut off the Cherethims, and destroy the remnant of the sea coast.
Daniel 7:25	And he shall speak great words against the most High, and shall wear out the saints of the most High, and think to change times and laws: and they shall be given into his hand until a time and times and the dividing of time.
Acts 4:7	And when they had set them in the middle, they asked, By what power, or by what name, have you done this?
Isaiah 65:16	That he who blesses himself in the earth shall bless himself in the God of truth; and he that swears in the earth shall swear by the God of truth; because the former troubles are forgotten, and because they are hid from my eyes.
Proverbs 14:11	The house of the wicked shall be overthrown: but the tabernacle of the upright shall flourish.
Job 9:8	Which alone spreads out the heavens, and treads on the waves of the sea.
Psalm 107:37	And sow the fields, and plant vineyards, which may yield fruits of increase.
Genesis 41:26	The seven good cows are seven years; and the seven good ears are seven years: the dream is one.
Jeremiah 46:1	The word of the LORD which came to Jeremiah the prophet against the Gentiles;
Joshua 21:36	And out of the tribe of Reuben, Bezer with her suburbs, and Jahazah with her suburbs,
Psalm 105:43	And he brought forth his people with joy, and his chosen with gladness:
Acts 16:17	The same followed Paul and us, and cried, saying, These men are the servants of the most high God, which show to us the way of salvation.
1 Kings 17:17	And it came to pass after these things, that the son of the woman, the mistress of the house, fell sick; and his sickness was so sore, that there was no breath left in him.
2 Chronicles 7:11	Thus Solomon finished the house of the LORD, and the king’s house: and all that came into Solomon’s heart to make in the house of the LORD, and in his own house, he prosperously effected.
Ecclesiastes 1:13	And I gave my heart to seek and search out by wisdom concerning all things that are done under heaven: this sore travail has God given to the sons of man to be exercised therewith.
Colossians 1:14	In whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins:
Jeremiah 52:3	For through the anger of the LORD it came to pass in Jerusalem and Judah, till he had cast them out from his presence, that Zedekiah rebelled against the king of Babylon.
Exodus 1:17	But the midwives feared God, and did not as the king of Egypt commanded them, but saved the men children alive.
Haggai 1:6	You have sown much, and bring in little; you eat, but you have not enough; you drink, but you are not filled with drink; you clothe you, but there is none warm; and he that earns wages earns wages to put it into a bag with holes.
2 Chronicles 8:8	But of their children, who were left after them in the land, whom the children of Israel consumed not, them did Solomon make to pay tribute until this day.
Genesis 24:41	Then shall you be clear from this my oath, when you come to my kindred; and if they give not you one, you shall be clear from my oath.
Ezekiel 1:20	Wherever the spirit was to go, they went, thither was their spirit to go; and the wheels were lifted up over against them: for the spirit of the living creature was in the wheels.
1 Kings 3:10	And the speech pleased the LORD, that Solomon had asked this thing.
2 Samuel 16:8	The LORD has returned on you all the blood of the house of Saul, in whose stead you have reigned; and the LORD has delivered the kingdom into the hand of Absalom your son: and, behold, you are taken in your mischief, because you are a bloody man.
Joshua 13:1	Now Joshua was old and stricken in years; and the LORD said to him, You are old and stricken in years, and there remains yet very much land to be possessed.
Deuteronomy 30:14	But the word is very near to you, in your mouth, and in your heart, that you may do it.
Luke 11:51	From the blood of Abel to the blood of Zacharias which perished between the altar and the temple: truly I say to you, It shall be required of this generation.
Zechariah 8:12	For the seed shall be prosperous; the vine shall give her fruit, and the ground shall give her increase, and the heavens shall give their dew; and I will cause the remnant of this people to possess all these things.
Genesis 27:12	My father peradventure will feel me, and I shall seem to him as a deceiver; and I shall bring a curse on me, and not a blessing.
Psalm 50:16	But to the wicked God said, What have you to do to declare my statutes, or that you should take my covenant in your mouth?
Proverbs 15:9	The way of the wicked is an abomination to the LORD: but he loves him that follows after righteousness.
Luke 18:15	And they brought to him also infants, that he would touch them: but when his disciples saw it, they rebuked them.
Deuteronomy 8:8	A land of wheat, and barley, and vines, and fig trees, and pomegranates; a land of oil olive, and honey;
Genesis 34:18	And their words pleased Hamor, and Shechem Hamor’s son.
Deuteronomy 4:37	And because he loved your fathers, therefore he chose their seed after them, and brought you out in his sight with his mighty power out of Egypt;
2 Kings 2:10	And he said, You have asked a hard thing: nevertheless, if you see me when I am taken from you, it shall be so to you; but if not, it shall not be so.
Job 1:17	While he was yet speaking, there came also another, and said, The Chaldeans made out three bands, and fell on the camels, and have carried them away, yes, and slain the servants with the edge of the sword; and I only am escaped alone to tell you.
Galatians 1:5	To whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.
Psalm 115:2	Why should the heathen say, Where is now their God?
Ephesians 6:23	Peace be to the brothers, and love with faith, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Exodus 33:8	And it came to pass, when Moses went out to the tabernacle, that all the people rose up, and stood every man at his tent door, and looked after Moses, until he was gone into the tabernacle.
Ezekiel 40:40	And at the side without, as one goes up to the entry of the north gate, were two tables; and on the other side, which was at the porch of the gate, were two tables.
Matthew 12:42	The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.
Ephesians 5:27	That he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing; but that it should be holy and without blemish.
Ezekiel 9:2	And, behold, six men came from the way of the higher gate, which lies toward the north, and every man a slaughter weapon in his hand; and one man among them was clothed with linen, with a writer’s inkhorn by his side: and they went in, and stood beside the brazen altar.
1 John 2:22	Who is a liar but he that denies that Jesus is the Christ? He is antichrist, that denies the Father and the Son.
Acts 16:24	Who, having received such a charge, thrust them into the inner prison, and made their feet fast in the stocks.
Luke 2:37	And she was a widow of about fourscore and four years, which departed not from the temple, but served God with fastings and prayers night and day.
Psalm 2:4	He that sits in the heavens shall laugh: the LORD shall have them in derision.
Genesis 39:6	And he left all that he had in Joseph’s hand; and he knew not ought he had, save the bread which he did eat. And Joseph was a goodly person, and well favored.
2 Thessalonians 2:1	Now we beseech you, brothers, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together to him,
Jeremiah 52:5	So the city was besieged to the eleventh year of king Zedekiah.
1 Chronicles 27:32	Also Jonathan David’s uncle was a counselor, a wise man, and a scribe: and Jehiel the son of Hachmoni was with the king’s sons:
Romans 5:21	That as sin has reigned to death, even so might grace reign through righteousness to eternal life by Jesus Christ our Lord.
Isaiah 42:25	Therefore he has poured on him the fury of his anger, and the strength of battle: and it has set him on fire round about, yet he knew not; and it burned him, yet he laid it not to heart.
Acts 13:16	Then Paul stood up, and beckoning with his hand said, Men of Israel, and you that fear God, give audience.
1 Kings 7:42	And four hundred pomegranates for the two networks, even two rows of pomegranates for one network, to cover the two bowls of the capitals that were on the pillars;
Isaiah 22:16	What have you here? and whom have you here, that you have hewed you out a sepulcher here, as he that hews him out a sepulcher on high, and that engraves an habitation for himself in a rock?
Numbers 22:14	And the princes of Moab rose up, and they went to Balak, and said, Balaam refuses to come with us.
John 4:10	Jesus answered and said to her, If you knew the gift of God, and who it is that said to you, Give me to drink; you would have asked of him, and he would have given you living water.
Luke 17:24	For as the lightning, that lightens out of the one part under heaven, shines to the other part under heaven; so shall also the Son of man be in his day.
Genesis 3:18	Thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to you; and you shall eat the herb of the field;
Exodus 28:23	And you shall make on the breastplate two rings of gold, and shall put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate.
Job 37:24	Men do therefore fear him: he respects not any that are wise of heart.
Matthew 21:19	And when he saw a fig tree in the way, he came to it, and found nothing thereon, but leaves only, and said to it, Let no fruit grow on you henceforward for ever. And presently the fig tree withered away.
Nehemiah 8:17	And all the congregation of them that were come again out of the captivity made booths, and sat under the booths: for since the days of Jeshua the son of Nun to that day had not the children of Israel done so. And there was very great gladness.
Jeremiah 2:21	Yet I had planted you a noble vine, wholly a right seed: how then are you turned into the degenerate plant of a strange vine to me?
Luke 10:6	And if the son of peace be there, your peace shall rest on it: if not, it shall turn to you again.
1 Corinthians 14:24	But if all prophesy, and there come in one that believes not, or one unlearned, he is convinced of all, he is judged of all:
Jeremiah 50:35	A sword is on the Chaldeans, said the LORD, and on the inhabitants of Babylon, and on her princes, and on her wise men.
2 Chronicles 4:17	In the plain of Jordan did the king cast them, in the clay ground between Succoth and Zeredathah.
Genesis 27:46	And Rebekah said to Isaac, I am weary of my life because of the daughters of Heth: if Jacob take a wife of the daughters of Heth, such as these which are of the daughters of the land, what good shall my life do me?
Psalm 40:4	Blessed is that man that makes the LORD his trust, and respects not the proud, nor such as turn aside to lies.
Acts 16:1	Then came he to Derbe and Lystra: and, behold, a certain disciple was there, named Timotheus, the son of a certain woman, which was a Jewess, and believed; but his father was a Greek:
Genesis 13:14	And the LORD said to Abram, after that Lot was separated from him, Lift up now your eyes, and look from the place where you are northward, and southward, and eastward, and westward:
1 John 5:4	For whatever is born of God overcomes the world: and this is the victory that overcomes the world, even our faith.
Numbers 6:27	And they shall put my name on the children of Israel, and I will bless them.
Matthew 11:5	The blind receive their sight, and the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, and the deaf hear, the dead are raised up, and the poor have the gospel preached to them.
John 5:4	For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool, and troubled the water: whoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole of whatever disease he had.
Romans 3:25	Whom God has set forth to be a propitiation through faith in his blood, to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are past, through the forbearance of God;
1 Chronicles 2:49	She bore also Shaaph the father of Madmannah, Sheva the father of Machbenah, and the father of Gibea: and the daughter of Caleb was Achsa.
Exodus 34:20	But the firstling of an ass you shall redeem with a lamb: and if you redeem him not, then shall you break his neck. All the firstborn of your sons you shall redeem. And none shall appear before me empty.
Jeremiah 30:14	All your lovers have forgotten you; they seek you not; for I have wounded you with the wound of an enemy, with the chastisement of a cruel one, for the multitude of your iniquity; because your sins were increased.
Jude 1:12	These are spots in your feasts of charity, when they feast with you, feeding themselves without fear: clouds they are without water, carried about of winds; trees whose fruit wither, without fruit, twice dead, plucked up by the roots;
Job 35:4	I will answer you, and your companions with you.
Psalm 90:6	In the morning it flourishes, and grows up; in the evening it is cut down, and wither.
Psalm 104:17	Where the birds make their nests: as for the stork, the fir trees are her house.
Psalm 55:11	Wickedness is in the middle thereof: deceit and guile depart not from her streets.
2 Corinthians 3:9	For if the ministration of condemnation be glory, much more does the ministration of righteousness exceed in glory.
Leviticus 22:14	And if a man eat of the holy thing unwittingly, then he shall put the fifth part thereof to it, and shall give it to the priest with the holy thing.
Nehemiah 7:18	The children of Adonikam, six hundred three score and seven.
John 11:21	Then said Martha to Jesus, Lord, if you had been here, my brother had not died.
Hebrews 3:9	When your fathers tempted me, proved me, and saw my works forty years.
Joshua 15:7	And the border went up toward Debir from the valley of Achor, and so northward, looking toward Gilgal, that is before the going up to Adummim, which is on the south side of the river: and the border passed toward the waters of Enshemesh, and the goings out thereof were at Enrogel:
Judges 18:31	And they set them up Micah’s graven image, which he made, all the time that the house of God was in Shiloh.
2 Chronicles 24:11	Now it came to pass, that at what time the chest was brought to the king’s office by the hand of the Levites, and when they saw that there was much money, the king’s scribe and the high priest’s officer came and emptied the chest, and took it, and carried it to his place again. Thus they did day by day, and gathered money in abundance.
1 Samuel 13:6	When the men of Israel saw that they were in a strait, (for the people were distressed,) then the people did hide themselves in caves, and in thickets, and in rocks, and in high places, and in pits.
1 Samuel 17:27	And the people answered him after this manner, saying, So shall it be done to the man that kills him.
1 Kings 13:24	And when he was gone, a lion met him by the way, and slew him: and his carcass was cast in the way, and the ass stood by it, the lion also stood by the carcass.
2 Kings 6:3	And one said, Be content, I pray you, and go with your servants. And he answered, I will go.
Jeremiah 45:2	Thus said the LORD, the God of Israel, to you, O Baruch:
Psalm 67:1	God be merciful to us, and bless us; and cause his face to shine on us; Selah.
Luke 2:29	Lord, now let you your servant depart in peace, according to your word:
John 16:18	They said therefore, What is this that he said, A little while? we cannot tell what he said.
Psalm 6:3	My soul is also sore vexed: but you, O LORD, how long?
Exodus 13:11	And it shall be when the LORD shall bring you into the land of the Canaanites, as he swore to you and to your fathers, and shall give it you,
Psalm 119:54	Your statutes have been my songs in the house of my pilgrimage.
Leviticus 3:5	And Aaron’s sons shall burn it on the altar on the burnt sacrifice, which is on the wood that is on the fire: it is an offering made by fire, of a sweet smell to the LORD.
Psalm 105:5	Remember his marvelous works that he has done; his wonders, and the judgments of his mouth;
Job 13:22	Then call you, and I will answer: or let me speak, and answer you me.
2 Chronicles 24:24	For the army of the Syrians came with a small company of men, and the LORD delivered a very great host into their hand, because they had forsaken the LORD God of their fathers. So they executed judgment against Joash.
Psalm 55:16	As for me, I will call on God; and the LORD shall save me.
Genesis 43:24	And the man brought the men into Joseph’s house, and gave them water, and they washed their feet; and he gave their asses provender.
Exodus 16:1	And they took their journey from Elim, and all the congregation of the children of Israel came to the wilderness of Sin, which is between Elim and Sinai, on the fifteenth day of the second month after their departing out of the land of Egypt.
1 Samuel 25:7	And now I have heard that you have shearers: now your shepherds which were with us, we hurt them not, neither was there ought missing to them, all the while they were in Carmel.
Hebrews 6:11	And we desire that every one of you do show the same diligence to the full assurance of hope to the end:
Exodus 9:33	And Moses went out of the city from Pharaoh, and spread abroad his hands to the LORD: and the thunders and hail ceased, and the rain was not poured on the earth.
1 Samuel 19:22	Then went he also to Ramah, and came to a great well that is in Sechu: and he asked and said, Where are Samuel and David? And one said, Behold, they be at Naioth in Ramah.
1 Chronicles 10:11	And when all Jabeshgilead heard all that the Philistines had done to Saul,
Proverbs 30:29	There be three things which go well, yes, four are comely in going:
Genesis 24:19	And when she had done giving him drink, she said, I will draw water for your camels also, until they have done drinking.
Matthew 18:3	And said, Truly I say to you, Except you be converted, and become as little children, you shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven.
Luke 16:17	And it is easier for heaven and earth to pass, than one pronunciation mark of the law to fail.
Jeremiah 23:30	Therefore, behold, I am against the prophets, said the LORD, that steal my words every one from his neighbor.
1 Chronicles 6:14	And Azariah begat Seraiah, and Seraiah begat Jehozadak,
Nehemiah 7:69	Their camels, four hundred thirty and five: six thousand seven hundred and twenty asses.
1 Chronicles 3:16	And the sons of Jehoiakim: Jeconiah his son, Zedekiah his son.
Nehemiah 7:53	The children of Bakbuk, the children of Hakupha, the children of Harhur,
Isaiah 8:19	And when they shall say to you, Seek to them that have familiar spirits, and to wizards that peep, and that mutter: should not a people seek to their God? for the living to the dead?
Jeremiah 25:14	For many nations and great kings shall serve themselves of them also: and I will recompense them according to their deeds, and according to the works of their own hands.
Song of Solomon 5:10	My beloved is white and ruddy, the most chief among ten thousand.
Nehemiah 13:13	And I made treasurers over the treasuries, Shelemiah the priest, and Zadok the scribe, and of the Levites, Pedaiah: and next to them was Hanan the son of Zaccur, the son of Mattaniah: for they were counted faithful, and their office was to distribute to their brothers.
Ezekiel 38:17	Thus said the Lord GOD; Are you he of whom I have spoken in old time by my servants the prophets of Israel, which prophesied in those days many years that I would bring you against them?
2 Chronicles 21:16	Moreover the LORD stirred up against Jehoram the spirit of the Philistines, and of the Arabians, that were near the Ethiopians:
Hosea 10:9	O Israel, you have sinned from the days of Gibeah: there they stood: the battle in Gibeah against the children of iniquity did not overtake them.
Psalm 139:1	O lord, you have searched me, and known me.
Matthew 13:52	Then said he to them, Therefore every scribe which is instructed to the kingdom of heaven is like to a man that is an householder, which brings forth out of his treasure things new and old.
Numbers 7:88	And all the oxen for the sacrifice of the peace offerings were twenty and four bullocks, the rams sixty, the he goats sixty, the lambs of the first year sixty. This was the dedication of the altar, after that it was anointed.
Psalm 3:5	I laid me down and slept; I awaked; for the LORD sustained me.
Genesis 7:2	Of every clean beast you shall take to you by sevens, the male and his female: and of beasts that are not clean by two, the male and his female.
1 Samuel 28:18	Because you obeyed not the voice of the LORD, nor executed his fierce wrath on Amalek, therefore has the LORD done this thing to you this day.
Romans 8:11	But if the Spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his Spirit that dwells in you.
Luke 6:16	And Judas the brother of James, and Judas Iscariot, which also was the traitor.
Matthew 13:38	The field is the world; the good seed are the children of the kingdom; but the tares are the children of the wicked one;
Colossians 1:24	Who now rejoice in my sufferings for you, and fill up that which is behind of the afflictions of Christ in my flesh for his body’s sake, which is the church:
Ezekiel 16:41	And they shall burn your houses with fire, and execute judgments on you in the sight of many women: and I will cause you to cease from playing the harlot, and you also shall give no hire any more.
Psalm 141:3	Set a watch, O LORD, before my mouth; keep the door of my lips.
Hebrews 13:16	But to do good and to communicate forget not: for with such sacrifices God is well pleased.
1 Corinthians 11:16	But if any man seem to be contentious, we have no such custom, neither the churches of God.
Leviticus 23:5	In the fourteenth day of the first month at even is the LORD’s passover.
Jeremiah 20:15	Cursed be the man who brought tidings to my father, saying, A man child is born to you; making him very glad.
1 Corinthians 4:14	I write not these things to shame you, but as my beloved sons I warn you.
1 Kings 11:17	That Hadad fled, he and certain Edomites of his father’s servants with him, to go into Egypt; Hadad being yet a little child.
Nehemiah 7:31	The men of Michmas, an hundred and twenty and two.
Exodus 36:25	And for the other side of the tabernacle, which is toward the north corner, he made twenty boards,
Leviticus 13:37	But if the scale be in his sight at a stay, and that there is black hair grown up therein; the scale is healed, he is clean: and the priest shall pronounce him clean.
Psalm 18:3	I will call on the LORD, who is worthy to be praised: so shall I be saved from my enemies.
Joshua 20:6	And he shall dwell in that city, until he stand before the congregation for judgment, and until the death of the high priest that shall be in those days: then shall the slayer return, and come to his own city, and to his own house, to the city from from where he fled.
Jeremiah 30:23	Behold, the whirlwind of the LORD goes forth with fury, a continuing whirlwind: it shall fall with pain on the head of the wicked.
1 Chronicles 15:19	So the singers, Heman, Asaph, and Ethan, were appointed to sound with cymbals of brass;
Ezekiel 18:21	But if the wicked will turn from all his sins that he has committed, and keep all my statutes, and do that which is lawful and right, he shall surely live, he shall not die.
Ezekiel 17:19	Therefore thus said the Lord GOD; As I live, surely my oath that he has despised, and my covenant that he has broken, even it will I recompense on his own head.
Isaiah 5:18	Woe to them that draw iniquity with cords of vanity, and sin as it were with a cart rope:
Ruth 3:11	And now, my daughter, fear not; I will do to you all that you require: for all the city of my people does know that you are a virtuous woman.
Isaiah 13:18	Their bows also shall dash the young men to pieces; and they shall have no pity on the fruit of the womb; their eyes shall not spare children.
Ezekiel 35:12	And you shall know that I am the LORD, and that I have heard all your blasphemies which you have spoken against the mountains of Israel, saying, They are laid desolate, they are given us to consume.
Ephesians 1:3	Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ:
2 Kings 20:3	I beseech you, O LORD, remember now how I have walked before you in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in your sight. And Hezekiah wept sore.
Exodus 28:31	And you shall make the robe of the ephod all of blue.
Deuteronomy 31:14	And the LORD said to Moses, Behold, your days approach that you must die: call Joshua, and present yourselves in the tabernacle of the congregation, that I may give him a charge. And Moses and Joshua went, and presented themselves in the tabernacle of the congregation.
Ecclesiastes 9:3	This is an evil among all things that are done under the sun, that there is one event to all: yes, also the heart of the sons of men is full of evil, and madness is in their heart while they live, and after that they go to the dead.
Numbers 8:8	Then let them take a young bullock with his meat offering, even fine flour mingled with oil, and another young bullock shall you take for a sin offering.
Proverbs 8:17	I love them that love me; and those that seek me early shall find me.
Judges 11:29	Then the Spirit of the LORD came on Jephthah, and he passed over Gilead, and Manasseh, and passed over Mizpeh of Gilead, and from Mizpeh of Gilead he passed over to the children of Ammon.
Numbers 16:16	And Moses said to Korah, Be you and all your company before the LORD, you, and they, and Aaron, to morrow:
Numbers 7:62	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:
Job 40:10	Deck yourself now with majesty and excellency; and array yourself with glory and beauty.
Leviticus 18:5	You shall therefore keep my statutes, and my judgments: which if a man do, he shall live in them: I am the LORD.
Psalm 69:22	Let their table become a snare before them: and that which should have been for their welfare, let it become a trap.
Proverbs 11:10	When it goes well with the righteous, the city rejoices: and when the wicked perish, there is shouting.
Mark 14:55	And the chief priests and all the council sought for witness against Jesus to put him to death; and found none.
Joshua 9:11	Why our elders and all the inhabitants of our country spoke to us, saying, Take victuals with you for the journey, and go to meet them, and say to them, We are your servants: therefore now make you a league with us.
Isaiah 30:18	And therefore will the LORD wait, that he may be gracious to you, and therefore will he be exalted, that he may have mercy on you: for the LORD is a God of judgment: blessed are all they that wait for him.
Job 9:4	He is wise in heart, and mighty in strength: who has hardened himself against him, and has prospered?
Job 19:9	He has stripped me of my glory, and taken the crown from my head.
2 Thessalonians 3:9	Not because we have not power, but to make ourselves an ensample to you to follow us.
Revelation 22:4	And they shall see his face; and his name shall be in their foreheads.
Ezekiel 21:15	I have set the point of the sword against all their gates, that their heart may faint, and their ruins be multiplied: ah! it is made bright, it is wrapped up for the slaughter.
Psalm 136:8	The sun to rule by day: for his mercy endures for ever:
Leviticus 4:4	And he shall bring the bullock to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before the LORD; and shall lay his hand on the bullock’s head, and kill the bullock before the LORD.
1 Chronicles 21:11	So Gad came to David, and said to him, Thus said the LORD, Choose you
1 Chronicles 21:15	And God sent an angel to Jerusalem to destroy it: and as he was destroying, the LORD beheld, and he repented him of the evil, and said to the angel that destroyed, It is enough, stay now your hand. And the angel of the LORD stood by the threshing floor of Ornan the Jebusite.
Jeremiah 49:7	Concerning Edom, thus said the LORD of hosts; Is wisdom no more in Teman? is counsel perished from the prudent? is their wisdom vanished?
Exodus 24:15	And Moses went up into the mount, and a cloud covered the mount.
Colossians 3:23	And whatever you do, do it heartily, as to the Lord, and not to men;
Jeremiah 40:9	And Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan swore to them and to their men, saying, Fear not to serve the Chaldeans: dwell in the land, and serve the king of Babylon, and it shall be well with you.
1 Kings 22:33	And it came to pass, when the captains of the chariots perceived that it was not the king of Israel, that they turned back from pursuing him.
Deuteronomy 31:28	Gather to me all the elders of your tribes, and your officers, that I may speak these words in their ears, and call heaven and earth to record against them.
Psalm 120:7	I am for peace: but when I speak, they are for war.
Proverbs 5:4	But her end is bitter as wormwood, sharp as a two-edged sword.
1 Kings 18:17	And it came to pass, when Ahab saw Elijah, that Ahab said to him, Are you he that troubles Israel?
Psalm 33:11	The counsel of the LORD stands for ever, the thoughts of his heart to all generations.
Judges 6:28	And when the men of the city arose early in the morning, behold, the altar of Baal was cast down, and the grove was cut down that was by it, and the second bullock was offered on the altar that was built.
Luke 11:50	That the blood of all the prophets, which was shed from the foundation of the world, may be required of this generation;
Exodus 30:5	And you shall make the staves of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold.
Psalm 130:5	I wait for the LORD, my soul does wait, and in his word do I hope.
1 Samuel 24:2	Then Saul took three thousand chosen men out of all Israel, and went to seek David and his men on the rocks of the wild goats.
Genesis 34:8	And Hamor communed with them, saying, The soul of my son Shechem longs for your daughter: I pray you give her him to wife.
Genesis 17:9	And God said to Abraham, You shall keep my covenant therefore, you, and your seed after you in their generations.
Hebrews 7:16	Who is made, not after the law of a carnal commandment, but after the power of an endless life.
1 Chronicles 12:1	Now these are they that came to David to Ziklag, while he yet kept himself close because of Saul the son of Kish: and they were among the mighty men, helpers of the war.
Acts 6:5	And the saying pleased the whole multitude: and they chose Stephen, a man full of faith and of the Holy Ghost, and Philip, and Prochorus, and Nicanor, and Timon, and Parmenas, and Nicolas a proselyte of Antioch:
2 Corinthians 8:23	Whether any do inquire of Titus, he is my partner and fellow helper concerning you: or our brothers be inquired of, they are the messengers of the churches, and the glory of Christ.
Psalm 83:10	Which perished at Endor: they became as dung for the earth.
Hebrews 3:5	And Moses truly was faithful in all his house, as a servant, for a testimony of those things which were to be spoken after;
Daniel 10:6	His body also was like the beryl, and his face as the appearance of lightning, and his eyes as lamps of fire, and his arms and his feet like in color to polished brass, and the voice of his words like the voice of a multitude.
Genesis 41:22	And I saw in my dream, and, behold, seven ears came up in one stalk, full and good:
Luke 17:35	Two women shall be grinding together; the one shall be taken, and the other left.
Genesis 5:6	And Seth lived an hundred and five years, and begat Enos:
Jeremiah 23:35	Thus shall you say every one to his neighbor, and every one to his brother, What has the LORD answered? and, What has the LORD spoken?
Habakkuk 1:6	For, see, I raise up the Chaldeans, that bitter and hasty nation, which shall march through the breadth of the land, to possess the dwelling places that are not theirs.
Jeremiah 23:7	Therefore, behold, the days come, said the LORD, that they shall no more say, The LORD lives, which brought up the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt;
1 Chronicles 18:17	And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over the Cherethites and the Pelethites; and the sons of David were chief about the king.
Psalm 92:4	For you, LORD, have made me glad through your work: I will triumph in the works of your hands.
Acts 12:6	And when Herod would have brought him forth, the same night Peter was sleeping between two soldiers, bound with two chains: and the keepers before the door kept the prison.
Numbers 27:8	And you shall speak to the children of Israel, saying, If a man die, and have no son, then you shall cause his inheritance to pass to his daughter.
1 Kings 4:23	Ten fat oxen, and twenty oxen out of the pastures, and an hundred sheep, beside harts, and roebucks, and fallow deer, and fatted fowl.
Jeremiah 23:22	But if they had stood in my counsel, and had caused my people to hear my words, then they should have turned them from their evil way, and from the evil of their doings.
2 Samuel 13:13	And I, where shall I cause my shame to go? and as for you, you shall be as one of the fools in Israel. Now therefore, I pray you, speak to the king; for he will not withhold me from you.
Revelation 2:14	But I have a few things against you, because you have there them that hold the doctrine of Balaam, who taught Balac to cast a stumbling block before the children of Israel, to eat things sacrificed to idols, and to commit fornication.
Genesis 38:13	And it was told Tamar, saying, Behold your father in law goes up to Timnath to shear his sheep.
2 Samuel 13:22	And Absalom spoke to his brother Amnon neither good nor bad: for Absalom hated Amnon, because he had forced his sister Tamar.
Deuteronomy 6:23	And he brought us out from there, that he might bring us in, to give us the land which he swore to our fathers.
Jeremiah 23:40	And I will bring an everlasting reproach on you, and a perpetual shame, which shall not be forgotten.
Genesis 24:31	And he said, Come in, you blessed of the LORD; why stand you without? for I have prepared the house, and room for the camels.
Luke 22:32	But I have prayed for you, that your faith fail not: and when you are converted, strengthen your brothers.
Jeremiah 2:36	Why gad you about so much to change your way? you also shall be ashamed of Egypt, as you were ashamed of Assyria.
Genesis 24:16	And the damsel was very fair to look on, a virgin, neither had any man known her: and she went down to the well, and filled her pitcher, and came up.
Job 1:19	And, behold, there came a great wind from the wilderness, and smote the four corners of the house, and it fell on the young men, and they are dead; and I only am escaped alone to tell you.
Proverbs 21:10	The soul of the wicked desires evil: his neighbor finds no favor in his eyes.
2 Chronicles 1:6	And Solomon went up thither to the brazen altar before the LORD, which was at the tabernacle of the congregation, and offered a thousand burnt offerings on it.
Proverbs 21:26	He covets greedily all the day long: but the righteous gives and spares not.
Matthew 17:19	Then came the disciples to Jesus apart, and said, Why could not we cast him out?
Exodus 25:19	And make one cherub on the one end, and the other cherub on the other end: even of the mercy seat shall you make the cherubim on the two ends thereof.
Exodus 5:20	And they met Moses and Aaron, who stood in the way, as they came forth from Pharaoh:
Jeremiah 44:1	The word that came to Jeremiah concerning all the Jews which dwell in the land of Egypt, which dwell at Migdol, and at Tahpanhes, and at Noph, and in the country of Pathros, saying,
Ezekiel 10:22	And the likeness of their faces was the same faces which I saw by the river of Chebar, their appearances and themselves: they went every one straight forward.
Esther 1:13	Then the king said to the wise men, which knew the times, (for so was the king’s manner toward all that knew law and judgment:
Romans 11:8	(According as it is written, God has given them the spirit of slumber, eyes that they should not see, and ears that they should not hear;) to this day.
Revelation 17:12	And the ten horns which you saw are ten kings, which have received no kingdom as yet; but receive power as kings one hour with the beast.
Isaiah 21:5	Prepare the table, watch in the watchtower, eat, drink: arise, you princes, and anoint the shield.
John 21:8	And the other disciples came in a little ship; (for they were not far from land, but as it were two hundred cubits,) dragging the net with fishes.
Zephaniah 3:15	The LORD has taken away your judgments, he has cast out your enemy: the king of Israel, even the LORD, is in the middle of you: you shall not see evil any more.
Proverbs 11:4	Riches profit not in the day of wrath: but righteousness delivers from death.
Micah 7:9	I will bear the indignation of the LORD, because I have sinned against him, until he plead my cause, and execute judgment for me: he will bring me forth to the light, and I shall behold his righteousness.
2 Kings 19:7	Behold, I will send a blast on him, and he shall hear a rumor, and shall return to his own land; and I will cause him to fall by the sword in his own land.
Luke 5:12	And it came to pass, when he was in a certain city, behold a man full of leprosy: who seeing Jesus fell on his face, and sought him, saying, Lord, if you will, you can make me clean.
Job 24:16	In the dark they dig through houses, which they had marked for themselves in the daytime: they know not the light.
Joel 2:26	And you shall eat in plenty, and be satisfied, and praise the name of the LORD your God, that has dealt wondrously with you: and my people shall never be ashamed.
Acts 25:18	Against whom when the accusers stood up, they brought none accusation of such things as I supposed:
Leviticus 15:22	And whoever touches any thing that she sat on shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.
John 10:7	Then said Jesus to them again, Truly, truly, I say to you, I am the door of the sheep.
John 1:21	And they asked him, What then? Are you Elias? And he said, I am not. Are you that prophet? And he answered, No.
Matthew 23:37	O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, you that kill the prophets, and stone them which are sent to you, how often would I have gathered your children together, even as a hen gathers her chickens under her wings, and you would not!
Ephesians 4:26	Be you angry, and sin not: let not the sun go down on your wrath:
2 Chronicles 29:26	And the Levites stood with the instruments of David, and the priests with the trumpets.
Ezekiel 16:54	That you may bear your own shame, and may be confounded in all that you have done, in that you are a comfort to them.
Ecclesiastes 3:10	I have seen the travail, which God has given to the sons of men to be exercised in it.
Ezekiel 22:8	You have despised my holy things, and have profaned my sabbaths.
Genesis 44:10	And he said, Now also let it be according to your words: he with whom it is found shall be my servant; and you shall be blameless.
Genesis 33:14	Let my lord, I pray you, pass over before his servant: and I will lead on softly, according as the cattle that goes before me and the children be able to endure, until I come to my lord to Seir.
1 Timothy 6:3	If any man teach otherwise, and consent not to wholesome words, even the words of our Lord Jesus Christ, and to the doctrine which is according to godliness;
Zechariah 12:13	The family of the house of Levi apart, and their wives apart; the family of Shimei apart, and their wives apart;
2 Samuel 17:11	Therefore I counsel that all Israel be generally gathered to you, from Dan even to Beersheba, as the sand that is by the sea for multitude; and that you go to battle in your own person.
1 Chronicles 22:8	But the word of the LORD came to me, saying, You have shed blood abundantly, and have made great wars: you shall not build an house to my name, because you have shed much blood on the earth in my sight.
Matthew 16:26	For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?
2 Samuel 7:20	And what can David say more to you? for you, Lord GOD, know your servant.
Malachi 1:7	You offer polluted bread on my altar; and you say, Wherein have we polluted you? In that you say, The table of the LORD is contemptible.
Galatians 5:26	Let us not be desirous of vain glory, provoking one another, envying one another.
Psalm 145:9	The LORD is good to all: and his tender mercies are over all his works.
Judges 5:2	Praise you the LORD for the avenging of Israel, when the people willingly offered themselves.
Genesis 29:30	And he went in also to Rachel, and he loved also Rachel more than Leah, and served with him yet seven other years.
Deuteronomy 9:17	And I took the two tables, and cast them out of my two hands, and broke them before your eyes.
Proverbs 24:1	Be not you envious against evil men, neither desire to be with them.
Hebrews 7:13	For he of whom these things are spoken pertains to another tribe, of which no man gave attendance at the altar.
2 Corinthians 9:5	Therefore I thought it necessary to exhort the brothers, that they would go before to you, and make up beforehand your bounty, whereof you had notice before, that the same might be ready, as a matter of bounty, and not as of covetousness.
Judges 21:3	And said, O LORD God of Israel, why is this come to pass in Israel, that there should be to day one tribe lacking in Israel?
Numbers 5:21	Then the priest shall charge the woman with an oath of cursing, and the priest shall say to the woman, The LORD make you a curse and an oath among your people, when the LORD does make your thigh to rot, and your belly to swell;
Luke 1:76	And you, child, shall be called the prophet of the Highest: for you shall go before the face of the Lord to prepare his ways;
1 Samuel 29:7	Why now return, and go in peace, that you displease not the lords of the Philistines.
Genesis 18:28	Peradventure there shall lack five of the fifty righteous: will you destroy all the city for lack of five? And he said, If I find there forty and five, I will not destroy it.
Mark 13:24	But in those days, after that tribulation, the sun shall be darkened, and the moon shall not give her light,
Isaiah 60:3	And the Gentiles shall come to your light, and kings to the brightness of your rising.
Exodus 29:1	And this is the thing that you shall do to them to hallow them, to minister to me in the priest’s office: Take one young bullock, and two rams without blemish,
Ecclesiastes 12:8	Vanity of vanities, said the preacher; all is vanity.
Genesis 37:9	And he dreamed yet another dream, and told it his brothers, and said, Behold, I have dreamed a dream more; and, behold, the sun and the moon and the eleven stars made obeisance to me.
Joel 3:5	Because you have taken my silver and my gold, and have carried into your temples my goodly pleasant things:
2 John 1:10	If there come any to you, and bring not this doctrine, receive him not into your house, neither bid him God speed:
Joshua 19:40	And the seventh lot came out for the tribe of the children of Dan according to their families.
Genesis 15:11	And when the fowls came down on the carcasses, Abram drove them away.
Jeremiah 31:22	How long will you go about, O you backsliding daughter? for the LORD has created a new thing in the earth, A woman shall compass a man.
2 Chronicles 8:2	That the cities which Huram had restored to Solomon, Solomon built them, and caused the children of Israel to dwell there.
Exodus 26:27	And five bars for the boards of the other side of the tabernacle, and five bars for the boards of the side of the tabernacle, for the two sides westward.
Genesis 34:4	And Shechem spoke to his father Hamor, saying, Get me this damsel to wife.
1 Kings 18:8	And he answered him, I am: go, tell your lord, Behold, Elijah is here.
Mark 15:39	And when the centurion, which stood over against him, saw that he so cried out, and gave up the ghost, he said, Truly this man was the Son of God.
Matthew 22:8	Then said he to his servants, The wedding is ready, but they which were bidden were not worthy.
Ezekiel 20:1	And it came to pass in the seventh year, in the fifth month, the tenth day of the month, that certain of the elders of Israel came to inquire of the LORD, and sat before me.
Matthew 19:26	But Jesus beheld them, and said to them, With men this is impossible; but with God all things are possible.
Mark 10:52	And Jesus said to him, Go your way; your faith has made you whole. And immediately he received his sight, and followed Jesus in the way.
Psalm 84:4	Blessed are they that dwell in your house: they will be still praising you. Selah.
Genesis 49:31	There they buried Abraham and Sarah his wife; there they buried Isaac and Rebekah his wife; and there I buried Leah.
Psalm 86:2	Preserve my soul; for I am holy: O you my God, save your servant that trusts in you.
Numbers 10:30	And he said to him, I will not go; but I will depart to my own land, and to my kindred.
Numbers 30:3	If a woman also vow a vow to the LORD, and bind herself by a bond, being in her father’s house in her youth;
1 Kings 22:1	And they continued three years without war between Syria and Israel.
2 Chronicles 33:15	And he took away the strange gods, and the idol out of the house of the LORD, and all the altars that he had built in the mount of the house of the LORD, and in Jerusalem, and cast them out of the city.
John 1:25	And they asked him, and said to him, Why baptize you then, if you be not that Christ, nor Elias, neither that prophet?
2 Kings 23:5	And he put down the idolatrous priests, whom the kings of Judah had ordained to burn incense in the high places in the cities of Judah, and in the places round about Jerusalem; them also that burned incense to Baal, to the sun, and to the moon, and to the planets, and to all the host of heaven.
1 Corinthians 16:10	Now if Timotheus come, see that he may be with you without fear: for he works the work of the Lord, as I also do.
Psalm 36:3	The words of his mouth are iniquity and deceit: he has left off to be wise, and to do good.
Psalm 9:4	For you have maintained my right and my cause; you sat in the throne judging right.
2 Kings 5:11	But Naaman was wroth, and went away, and said, Behold, I thought, He will surely come out to me, and stand, and call on the name of the LORD his God, and strike his hand over the place, and recover the leper.
Psalm 24:8	Who is this King of glory? The LORD strong and mighty, the LORD mighty in battle.
Mark 7:26	The woman was a Greek, a Syrophenician by nation; and she sought him that he would cast forth the devil out of her daughter.
Ezekiel 14:19	Or if I send a pestilence into that land, and pour out my fury on it in blood, to cut off from it man and beast:
1 Chronicles 3:6	Ibhar also, and Elishama, and Eliphelet,
2 Kings 20:18	And of your sons that shall issue from you, which you shall beget, shall they take away; and they shall be eunuchs in the palace of the king of Babylon.
Ephesians 2:7	That in the ages to come he might show the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness toward us through Christ Jesus.
1 Chronicles 5:24	And these were the heads of the house of their fathers, even Epher, and Ishi, and Eliel, and Azriel, and Jeremiah, and Hodaviah, and Jahdiel, mighty men of valor, famous men, and heads of the house of their fathers.
Luke 17:1	Then said he to the disciples, It is impossible but that offenses will come: but woe to him, through whom they come!
Zechariah 2:12	And the LORD shall inherit Judah his portion in the holy land, and shall choose Jerusalem again.
Genesis 18:11	Now Abraham and Sarah were old and well stricken in age; and it ceased to be with Sarah after the manner of women.
Ezekiel 41:24	And the doors had two leaves apiece, two turning leaves; two leaves for the one door, and two leaves for the other door.
Proverbs 4:22	For they are life to those that find them, and health to all their flesh.
Isaiah 61:6	But you shall be named the Priests of the LORD: men shall call you the Ministers of our God: you shall eat the riches of the Gentiles, and in their glory shall you boast yourselves.
2 Chronicles 14:13	And Asa and the people that were with him pursued them to Gerar: and the Ethiopians were overthrown, that they could not recover themselves; for they were destroyed before the LORD, and before his host; and they carried away very much spoil.
Ezekiel 27:23	Haran, and Canneh, and Eden, the merchants of Sheba, Asshur, and Chilmad, were your merchants.
Psalm 5:3	My voice shall you hear in the morning, O LORD; in the morning will I direct my prayer to you, and will look up.
Matthew 1:23	Behold, a virgin shall be with child, and shall bring forth a son, and they shall call his name Emmanuel, which being interpreted is, God with us.
Acts 23:20	And he said, The Jews have agreed to desire you that you would bring down Paul to morrow into the council, as though they would inquire somewhat of him more perfectly.
Revelation 14:12	Here is the patience of the saints: here are they that keep the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus.
Psalm 74:22	Arise, O God, plead your own cause: remember how the foolish man reproaches you daily.
1 Corinthians 16:24	My love be with you all in Christ Jesus. Amen.
2 Thessalonians 3:4	And we have confidence in the Lord touching you, that you both do and will do the things which we command you.
Deuteronomy 30:18	I denounce to you this day, that you shall surely perish, and that you shall not prolong your days on the land, where you pass over Jordan to go to possess it.
Matthew 1:24	Then Joseph being raised from sleep did as the angel of the Lord had bidden him, and took to him his wife:
2 Samuel 11:25	Then David said to the messenger, Thus shall you say to Joab, Let not this thing displease you, for the sword devours one as well as another: make your battle more strong against the city, and overthrow it: and encourage you him.
1 Kings 5:10	So Hiram gave Solomon cedar trees and fir trees according to all his desire.
Acts 27:13	And when the south wind blew softly, supposing that they had obtained their purpose, loosing there, they sailed close by Crete.
Psalm 59:9	Because of his strength will I wait on you: for God is my defense.
Jeremiah 11:19	But I was like a lamb or an ox that is brought to the slaughter; and I knew not that they had devised devices against me, saying, Let us destroy the tree with the fruit thereof, and let us cut him off from the land of the living, that his name may be no more remembered.
Ezekiel 30:9	In that day shall messengers go forth from me in ships to make the careless Ethiopians afraid, and great pain shall come on them, as in the day of Egypt: for, see, it comes.
Genesis 14:21	And the king of Sodom said to Abram, Give me the persons, and take the goods to yourself.
Mark 1:19	And when he had gone a little farther there, he saw James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother, who also were in the ship mending their nets.
Obadiah 1:21	And saviors shall come up on mount Zion to judge the mount of Esau; and the kingdom shall be the LORD’s.
Acts 9:32	And it came to pass, as Peter passed throughout all quarters, he came down also to the saints which dwelled at Lydda.
Proverbs 16:10	A divine sentence is in the lips of the king: his mouth transgresses not in judgment.
1 Kings 6:37	In the fourth year was the foundation of the house of the LORD laid, in the month Zif:
Luke 14:27	And whoever does not bear his cross, and come after me, cannot be my disciple.
1 Samuel 22:17	And the king said to the footmen that stood about him, Turn, and slay the priests of the LORD: because their hand also is with David, and because they knew when he fled, and did not show it to me. But the servants of the king would not put forth their hand to fall on the priests of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 15:15	And all Judah rejoiced at the oath: for they had sworn with all their heart, and sought him with their whole desire; and he was found of them: and the LORD gave them rest round about.
Luke 9:29	And as he prayed, the fashion of his countenance was altered, and his raiment was white and glistering.
2 Chronicles 21:17	And they came up into Judah, and broke into it, and carried away all the substance that was found in the king’s house, and his sons also, and his wives; so that there was never a son left him, save Jehoahaz, the youngest of his sons.
Hebrews 13:25	Grace be with you all. Amen.
Zechariah 11:6	For I will no more pity the inhabitants of the land, said the LORD: but, see, I will deliver the men every one into his neighbor’s hand, and into the hand of his king: and they shall smite the land, and out of their hand I will not deliver them.
Isaiah 40:22	It is he that sits on the circle of the earth, and the inhabitants thereof are as grasshoppers; that stretches out the heavens as a curtain, and spreads them out as a tent to dwell in:
Zephaniah 3:11	In that day shall you not be ashamed for all your doings, wherein you have transgressed against me: for then I will take away out of the middle of you them that rejoice in your pride, and you shall no more be haughty because of my holy mountain.
1 Samuel 6:3	And they said, If you send away the ark of the God of Israel, send it not empty; but in any wise return him a trespass offering: then you shall be healed, and it shall be known to you why his hand is not removed from you.
Psalm 56:4	In God I will praise his word, in God I have put my trust; I will not fear what flesh can do to me.
2 Kings 17:9	And the children of Israel did secretly those things that were not right against the LORD their God, and they built them high places in all their cities, from the tower of the watchmen to the fenced city.
Acts 9:42	And it was known throughout all Joppa; and many believed in the Lord.
Hebrews 5:2	Who can have compassion on the ignorant, and on them that are out of the way; for that he himself also is compassed with infirmity.
1 Kings 20:22	And the prophet came to the king of Israel, and said to him, Go, strengthen yourself, and mark, and see what you do: for at the return of the year the king of Syria will come up against you.
2 Kings 8:22	Yet Edom revolted from under the hand of Judah to this day. Then Libnah revolted at the same time.
Psalm 106:20	Thus they changed their glory into the similitude of an ox that eats grass.
Psalm 77:14	You are the God that do wonders: you have declared your strength among the people.
1 John 2:5	But whoever keeps his word, in him truly is the love of God perfected: hereby know we that we are in him.
2 Chronicles 9:26	And he reigned over all the kings from the river even to the land of the Philistines, and to the border of Egypt.
Job 37:18	Have you with him spread out the sky, which is strong, and as a molten looking glass?
Psalm 75:7	But God is the judge: he puts down one, and sets up another.
2 Samuel 12:27	And Joab sent messengers to David, and said, I have fought against Rabbah, and have taken the city of waters.
Leviticus 7:16	But if the sacrifice of his offering be a vow, or a voluntary offering, it shall be eaten the same day that he offers his sacrifice: and on the morrow also the remainder of it shall be eaten:
Matthew 28:13	Saying, Say you, His disciples came by night, and stole him away while we slept.
Psalm 82:6	I have said, You are gods; and all of you are children of the most High.
Colossians 2:18	Let no man beguile you of your reward in a voluntary humility and worshipping of angels, intruding into those things which he has not seen, vainly puffed up by his fleshly mind,
Exodus 33:22	And it shall come to pass, while my glory passes by, that I will put you in a cleft of the rock, and will cover you with my hand while I pass by:
2 Kings 20:19	Then said Hezekiah to Isaiah, Good is the word of the LORD which you have spoken. And he said, Is it not good, if peace and truth be in my days?
Daniel 10:21	But I will show you that which is noted in the scripture of truth: and there is none that holds with me in these things, but Michael your prince.
Leviticus 15:4	Every bed, where on he lies that has the issue, is unclean: and every thing, where on he sits, shall be unclean.
Genesis 22:3	And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and saddled his ass, and took two of his young men with him, and Isaac his son, and split the wood for the burnt offering, and rose up, and went to the place of which God had told him.
Acts 6:15	And all that sat in the council, looking steadfastly on him, saw his face as it had been the face of an angel.
1 Samuel 2:22	Now Eli was very old, and heard all that his sons did to all Israel; and how they lay with the women that assembled at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Job 3:13	For now should I have lain still and been quiet, I should have slept: then had I been at rest,
Proverbs 10:29	The way of the LORD is strength to the upright: but destruction shall be to the workers of iniquity.
Isaiah 62:5	For as a young man marries a virgin, so shall your sons marry you: and as the bridegroom rejoices over the bride, so shall your God rejoice over you.
Numbers 13:24	The place was called the brook Eshcol, because of the cluster of grapes which the children of Israel cut down from there.
Psalm 119:138	Your testimonies that you have commanded are righteous and very faithful.
Ezekiel 42:14	When the priests enter therein, then shall they not go out of the holy place into the utter court, but there they shall lay their garments wherein they minister; for they are holy; and shall put on other garments, and shall approach to those things which are for the people.
Numbers 2:3	And on the east side toward the rising of the sun shall they of the standard of the camp of Judah pitch throughout their armies: and Nahshon the son of Amminadab shall be captain of the children of Judah.
Psalm 80:14	Return, we beseech you, O God of hosts: look down from heaven, and behold, and visit this vine;
Isaiah 63:2	Why are you red in your apparel, and your garments like him that treads in the winefat?
1 Corinthians 6:8	No, you do wrong, and defraud, and that your brothers.
Jeremiah 12:7	I have forsaken my house, I have left my heritage; I have given the dearly beloved of my soul into the hand of her enemies.
Revelation 3:16	So then because you are lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spew you out of my mouth.
1 Chronicles 11:15	Now three of the thirty captains went down to the rock to David, into the cave of Adullam; and the host of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
Romans 5:9	Much more then, being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from wrath through him.
Joshua 10:24	And it came to pass, when they brought out those kings to Joshua, that Joshua called for all the men of Israel, and said to the captains of the men of war which went with him, Come near, put your feet on the necks of these kings. And they came near, and put their feet on the necks of them.
1 Kings 5:15	And Solomon had three score and ten thousand that bore burdens, and fourscore thousand hewers in the mountains;
1 Chronicles 8:1	Now Benjamin begat Bela his firstborn, Ashbel the second, and Aharah the third,
Numbers 19:13	Whoever touches the dead body of any man that is dead, and purifies not himself, defiles the tabernacle of the LORD; and that soul shall be cut off from Israel: because the water of separation was not sprinkled on him, he shall be unclean; his uncleanness is yet on him.
Genesis 44:24	And it came to pass when we came up to your servant my father, we told him the words of my lord.
Ezekiel 40:22	And their windows, and their arches, and their palm trees, were after the measure of the gate that looks toward the east; and they went up to it by seven steps; and the arches thereof were before them.
Ecclesiastes 3:4	A time to weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance;
1 Corinthians 12:8	For to one is given by the Spirit the word of wisdom; to another the word of knowledge by the same Spirit;
Luke 12:27	Consider the lilies how they grow: they toil not, they spin not; and yet I say to you, that Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these.
2 Corinthians 8:17	For indeed he accepted the exhortation; but being more forward, of his own accord he went to you.
2 Chronicles 33:17	Nevertheless the people did sacrifice still in the high places, yet to the LORD their God only.
Exodus 4:20	And Moses took his wife and his sons, and set them on an ass, and he returned to the land of Egypt: and Moses took the rod of God in his hand.
John 1:6	There was a man sent from God, whose name was John.
Numbers 26:34	These are the families of Manasseh, and those that were numbered of them, fifty and two thousand and seven hundred.
Job 9:25	Now my days are swifter than a post: they flee away, they see no good.
Ecclesiastes 4:10	For if they fall, the one will lift up his fellow: but woe to him that is alone when he falls; for he has not another to help him up.
Acts 10:43	To him give all the prophets witness, that through his name whoever believes in him shall receive remission of sins.
1 Corinthians 1:7	So that you come behind in no gift; waiting for the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ:
Romans 8:13	For if you live after the flesh, you shall die: but if you through the Spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, you shall live.
Genesis 39:5	And it came to pass from the time that he had made him overseer in his house, and over all that he had, that the LORD blessed the Egyptian’s house for Joseph’s sake; and the blessing of the LORD was on all that he had in the house, and in the field.
Psalm 25:5	Lead me in your truth, and teach me: for you are the God of my salvation; on you do I wait all the day.
2 Corinthians 3:15	But even to this day, when Moses is read, the veil is on their heart.
Ezekiel 23:15	Girded with girdles on their loins, exceeding in dyed attire on their heads, all of them princes to look to, after the manner of the Babylonians of Chaldea, the land of their nativity:
Ezekiel 40:8	He measured also the porch of the gate within, one reed.
2 Peter 1:15	Moreover I will endeavor that you may be able after my decease to have these things always in remembrance.
Isaiah 38:10	I said in the cutting off of my days, I shall go to the gates of the grave: I am deprived of the residue of my years.
Revelation 7:2	And I saw another angel ascending from the east, having the seal of the living God: and he cried with a loud voice to the four angels, to whom it was given to hurt the earth and the sea,
Acts 21:9	And the same man had four daughters, virgins, which did prophesy.
Proverbs 2:15	Whose ways are crooked, and they fraudulent in their paths:
Numbers 29:17	And on the second day you shall offer twelve young bullocks, two rams, fourteen lambs of the first year without spot:
John 4:11	The woman said to him, Sir, you have nothing to draw with, and the well is deep: from where then have you that living water?
1 Kings 14:8	And rent the kingdom away from the house of David, and gave it you: and yet you have not been as my servant David, who kept my commandments, and who followed me with all his heart, to do that only which was right in my eyes;
Joshua 1:1	Now after the death of Moses the servant of the LORD it came to pass, that the LORD spoke to Joshua the son of Nun, Moses’ minister, saying,
Psalm 74:16	The day is yours, the night also is yours: you have prepared the light and the sun.
Hebrews 2:1	Therefore we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things which we have heard, lest at any time we should let them slip.
Psalm 46:6	The heathen raged, the kingdoms were moved: he uttered his voice, the earth melted.
Luke 10:37	And he said, He that showed mercy on him. Then said Jesus to him, Go, and do you likewise.
Acts 26:4	My manner of life from my youth, which was at the first among my own nation at Jerusalem, know all the Jews;
Numbers 28:21	A several tenth deal shall you offer for every lamb, throughout the seven lambs:
Deuteronomy 33:18	And of Zebulun he said, Rejoice, Zebulun, in your going out; and, Issachar, in your tents.
Matthew 9:24	He said to them, Give place: for the maid is not dead, but sleeps. And they laughed him to scorn.
Proverbs 19:2	Also, that the soul be without knowledge, it is not good; and he that hastens with his feet sins.
Isaiah 37:32	For out of Jerusalem shall go forth a remnant, and they that escape out of mount Zion: the zeal of the LORD of hosts shall do this.
Psalm 104:8	They go up by the mountains; they go down by the valleys to the place which you have founded for them.
Deuteronomy 26:18	And the LORD has avouched you this day to be his peculiar people, as he has promised you, and that you should keep all his commandments;
Jeremiah 51:7	Babylon has been a golden cup in the LORD’s hand, that made all the earth drunken: the nations have drunken of her wine; therefore the nations are mad.
Psalm 129:7	With which the mower fills not his hand; nor he that binds sheaves his bosom.
Nehemiah 3:2	And next to him built the men of Jericho. And next to them built Zaccur the son of Imri.
Jeremiah 46:8	Egypt rises up like a flood, and his waters are moved like the rivers; and he said, I will go up, and will cover the earth; I will destroy the city and the inhabitants thereof.
Genesis 45:16	And the fame thereof was heard in Pharaoh’s house, saying, Joseph’s brothers are come: and it pleased Pharaoh well, and his servants.
Hebrews 4:6	Seeing therefore it remains that some must enter therein, and they to whom it was first preached entered not in because of unbelief:
2 Chronicles 25:4	But he slew not their children, but did as it is written in the law in the book of Moses, where the LORD commanded, saying, The fathers shall not die for the children, neither shall the children die for the fathers, but every man shall die for his own sin.
1 Samuel 1:5	But to Hannah he gave a worthy portion; for he loved Hannah: but the LORD had shut up her womb.
Joshua 13:8	With whom the Reubenites and the Gadites have received their inheritance, which Moses gave them, beyond Jordan eastward, even as Moses the servant of the LORD gave them;
Psalm 92:1	IT IS A GOOD THING TO GIVE THANKS UNTO THE LORD, AND TO SING PRAISES UNTO THY NAME, O MOST HIGH:
Nehemiah 3:11	Malchijah the son of Harim, and Hashub the son of Pahathmoab, repaired the other piece, and the tower of the furnaces.
Jeremiah 23:39	Therefore, behold, I, even I, will utterly forget you, and I will forsake you, and the city that I gave you and your fathers, and cast you out of my presence:
Jeremiah 42:20	For you dissembled in your hearts, when you sent me to the LORD your God, saying, Pray for us to the LORD our God; and according to all that the LORD our God shall say, so declare to us, and we will do it.
Psalm 38:9	Lord, all my desire is before you; and my groaning is not hid from you.
2 Corinthians 1:22	Who has also sealed us, and given the earnest of the Spirit in our hearts.
Philippians 1:24	Nevertheless to abide in the flesh is more needful for you.
Joshua 2:6	But she had brought them up to the roof of the house, and hid them with the stalks of flax, which she had laid in order on the roof.
Revelation 1:19	Write the things which you have seen, and the things which are, and the things which shall be hereafter;
Revelation 20:15	And whoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire.
Psalm 135:17	They have ears, but they hear not; neither is there any breath in their mouths.
1 Samuel 18:11	And Saul cast the javelin; for he said, I will smite David even to the wall with it. And David avoided out of his presence twice.
Ezekiel 27:18	Damascus was your merchant in the multitude of the wares of your making, for the multitude of all riches; in the wine of Helbon, and white wool.
Genesis 36:2	Esau took his wives of the daughters of Canaan; Adah the daughter of Elon the Hittite, and Aholibamah the daughter of Anah the daughter of Zibeon the Hivite;
Exodus 30:17	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Proverbs 30:27	The locusts have no king, yet go they forth all of them by bands;
Psalm 109:29	Let my adversaries be clothed with shame, and let them cover themselves with their own confusion, as with a mantle.
Joshua 19:9	Out of the portion of the children of Judah was the inheritance of the children of Simeon: for the part of the children of Judah was too much for them: therefore the children of Simeon had their inheritance within the inheritance of them.
Jeremiah 7:20	Therefore thus said the Lord GOD; Behold, my anger and my fury shall be poured out on this place, on man, and on beast, and on the trees of the field, and on the fruit of the ground; and it shall burn, and shall not be quenched.
Hebrews 7:2	To whom also Abraham gave a tenth part of all; first being by interpretation King of righteousness, and after that also King of Salem, which is, King of peace;
1 Chronicles 1:41	The sons of Anah; Dishon. And the sons of Dishon; Amram, and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran.
Jeremiah 17:6	For he shall be like the heath in the desert, and shall not see when good comes; but shall inhabit the parched places in the wilderness, in a salt land and not inhabited.
Ephesians 6:5	Servants, be obedient to them that are your masters according to the flesh, with fear and trembling, in singleness of your heart, as to Christ;
1 Thessalonians 4:14	For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him.
Job 34:34	Let men of understanding tell me, and let a wise man listen to me.
Mark 8:5	And he asked them, How many loaves have you? And they said, Seven.
1 Samuel 10:13	And when he had made an end of prophesying, he came to the high place.
Proverbs 14:22	Do they not err that devise evil? but mercy and truth shall be to them that devise good.
Job 31:18	(For from my youth he was brought up with me, as with a father, and I have guided her from my mother’s womb;)
2 Kings 12:13	However, there were not made for the house of the LORD bowls of silver, snuffers, basins, trumpets, any vessels of gold, or vessels of silver, of the money that was brought into the house of the LORD:
Genesis 7:19	And the waters prevailed exceedingly on the earth; and all the high hills, that were under the whole heaven, were covered.
Acts 27:32	Then the soldiers cut off the ropes of the boat, and let her fall off.
Numbers 33:24	And they removed from mount Shapher, and encamped in Haradah.
Revelation 18:7	How much she has glorified herself, and lived deliciously, so much torment and sorrow give her: for she said in her heart, I sit a queen, and am no widow, and shall see no sorrow.
Proverbs 20:5	Counsel in the heart of man is like deep water; but a man of understanding will draw it out.
Ecclesiastes 8:15	Then I commended mirth, because a man has no better thing under the sun, than to eat, and to drink, and to be merry: for that shall abide with him of his labor the days of his life, which God gives him under the sun.
1 Kings 2:22	And king Solomon answered and said to his mother, And why do you ask Abishag the Shunammite for Adonijah? ask for him the kingdom also; for he is my elder brother; even for him, and for Abiathar the priest, and for Joab the son of Zeruiah.
Acts 23:24	And provide them beasts, that they may set Paul on, and bring him safe to Felix the governor.
Ezekiel 34:5	And they were scattered, because there is no shepherd: and they became meat to all the beasts of the field, when they were scattered.
Lamentations 4:1	How is the gold become dim! how is the most fine gold changed! the stones of the sanctuary are poured out in the top of every street.
1 Chronicles 14:9	And the Philistines came and spread themselves in the valley of Rephaim.
Joshua 3:17	And the priests that bore the ark of the covenant of the LORD stood firm on dry ground in the middle of Jordan, and all the Israelites passed over on dry ground, until all the people were passed clean over Jordan.
Mark 11:23	For truly I say to you, That whoever shall say to this mountain, Be you removed, and be you cast into the sea; and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he said shall come to pass; he shall have whatever he said.
Proverbs 26:26	Whose hatred is covered by deceit, his wickedness shall be showed before the whole congregation.
Jeremiah 29:1	Now these are the words of the letter that Jeremiah the prophet sent from Jerusalem to the residue of the elders which were carried away captives, and to the priests, and to the prophets, and to all the people whom Nebuchadnezzar had carried away captive from Jerusalem to Babylon;
Matthew 28:6	He is not here: for he is risen, as he said. Come, see the place where the Lord lay.
1 Chronicles 18:5	And when the Syrians of Damascus came to help Hadarezer king of Zobah, David slew of the Syrians two and twenty thousand men.
Psalm 42:5	Why are you cast down, O my soul? and why are you disquieted in me? hope you in God: for I shall yet praise him for the help of his countenance.
Luke 12:2	For there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; neither hid, that shall not be known.
Ecclesiastes 8:4	Where the word of a king is, there is power: and who may say to him, What do you?
Nehemiah 12:5	Miamin, Maadiah, Bilgah,
Acts 2:21	And it shall come to pass, that whoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved.
Ezekiel 16:51	Neither has Samaria committed half of your sins; but you have multiplied your abominations more than they, and have justified your sisters in all your abominations which you have done.
Acts 13:51	But they shook off the dust of their feet against them, and came to Iconium.
2 Samuel 15:12	And Absalom sent for Ahithophel the Gilonite, David’s counselor, from his city, even from Giloh, while he offered sacrifices. And the conspiracy was strong; for the people increased continually with Absalom.
Exodus 40:27	And he burnt sweet incense thereon; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Psalm 37:35	I have seen the wicked in great power, and spreading himself like a green bay tree.
Exodus 3:6	Moreover he said, I am the God of your father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. And Moses hid his face; for he was afraid to look on God.
1 Thessalonians 1:5	For our gospel came not to you in word only, but also in power, and in the Holy Ghost, and in much assurance; as you know what manner of men we were among you for your sake.
Ephesians 1:15	Why I also, after I heard of your faith in the Lord Jesus, and love to all the saints,
Matthew 20:8	So when even was come, the lord of the vineyard said to his steward, Call the laborers, and give them their hire, beginning from the last to the first.
Daniel 4:29	At the end of twelve months he walked in the palace of the kingdom of Babylon.
Mark 1:26	And when the unclean spirit had torn him, and cried with a loud voice, he came out of him.
James 1:23	For if any be a hearer of the word, and not a doer, he is like to a man beholding his natural face in a glass:
Psalm 119:167	My soul has kept your testimonies; and I love them exceedingly.
1 Kings 12:7	And they spoke to him, saying, If you will be a servant to this people this day, and will serve them, and answer them, and speak good words to them, then they will be your servants for ever.
2 Chronicles 18:30	Now the king of Syria had commanded the captains of the chariots that were with him, saying, Fight you not with small or great, save only with the king of Israel.
Leviticus 18:3	After the doings of the land of Egypt, wherein you dwelled, shall you not do: and after the doings of the land of Canaan, where I bring you, shall you not do: neither shall you walk in their ordinances.
Exodus 21:4	If his master have given him a wife, and she have born him sons or daughters; the wife and her children shall be her master’s, and he shall go out by himself.
Numbers 20:19	And the children of Israel said to him, We will go by the high way: and if I and my cattle drink of your water, then I will pay for it: I will only, without doing anything else, go through on my feet.
Numbers 21:8	And the LORD said to Moses, Make you a fiery serpent, and set it on a pole: and it shall come to pass, that every one that is bitten, when he looks on it, shall live.
Judges 19:10	But the man would not tarry that night, but he rose up and departed, and came over against Jebus, which is Jerusalem; and there were with him two asses saddled, his concubine also was with him.
Ezekiel 40:49	The length of the porch was twenty cubits, and the breadth eleven cubits, and he brought me by the steps whereby they went up to it: and there were pillars by the posts, one on this side, and another on that side.
Proverbs 12:24	The hand of the diligent shall bear rule: but the slothful shall be under tribute.
Jeremiah 51:56	Because the spoiler is come on her, even on Babylon, and her mighty men are taken, every one of their bows is broken: for the LORD God of recompenses shall surely requite.
Ezekiel 39:28	Then shall they know that I am the LORD their God, which caused them to be led into captivity among the heathen: but I have gathered them to their own land, and have left none of them any more there.
Exodus 12:18	In the first month, on the fourteenth day of the month at even, you shall eat unleavened bread, until the one and twentieth day of the month at even.
Mark 9:30	And they departed there, and passed through Galilee; and he would not that any man should know it.
Psalm 94:22	But the LORD is my defense; and my God is the rock of my refuge.
2 Chronicles 22:3	He also walked in the ways of the house of Ahab: for his mother was his counselor to do wickedly.
Jeremiah 38:17	Then said Jeremiah to Zedekiah, Thus said the LORD, the God of hosts, the God of Israel; If you will assuredly go forth to the king of Babylon’s princes, then your soul shall live, and this city shall not be burned with fire; and you shall live, and your house:
Joshua 24:3	And I took your father Abraham from the other side of the flood, and led him throughout all the land of Canaan, and multiplied his seed, and gave him Isaac.
Genesis 26:15	For all the wells which his father’s servants had dig in the days of Abraham his father, the Philistines had stopped them, and filled them with earth.
Acts 9:41	And he gave her his hand, and lifted her up, and when he had called the saints and widows, presented her alive.
Daniel 5:18	O you king, the most high God gave Nebuchadnezzar your father a kingdom, and majesty, and glory, and honor:
Philippians 2:8	And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself, and became obedient to death, even the death of the cross.
1 Samuel 19:14	And when Saul sent messengers to take David, she said, He is sick.
John 1:20	And he confessed, and denied not; but confessed, I am not the Christ.
1 Chronicles 4:25	Shallum his son, Mibsam his son, Mishma his son.
Matthew 8:15	And he touched her hand, and the fever left her: and she arose, and ministered to them.
Ezekiel 8:2	Then I beheld, and see a likeness as the appearance of fire: from the appearance of his loins even downward, fire; and from his loins even upward, as the appearance of brightness, as the color of amber.
Joshua 12:15	The king of Libnah, one; the king of Adullam, one;
Exodus 17:4	And Moses cried to the LORD, saying, What shall I do to this people? they be almost ready to stone me.
Exodus 2:7	Then said his sister to Pharaoh’s daughter, Shall I go and call to you a nurse of the Hebrew women, that she may nurse the child for you?
Luke 9:9	And Herod said, John have I beheaded: but who is this, of whom I hear such things? And he desired to see him.
Exodus 25:32	And six branches shall come out of the sides of it; three branches of the candlestick out of the one side, and three branches of the candlestick out of the other side:
Psalm 57:11	Be you exalted, O God, above the heavens: let your glory be above all the earth.
1 Corinthians 13:13	And now stays faith, hope, charity, these three; but the greatest of these is charity.
Psalm 97:3	A fire goes before him, and burns up his enemies round about.
Matthew 8:7	And Jesus said to him, I will come and heal him.
Numbers 33:16	And they removed from the desert of Sinai, and pitched at Kibrothhattaavah.
Exodus 25:36	Their knops and their branches shall be of the same: all it shall be one beaten work of pure gold.
Ezekiel 20:28	For when I had brought them into the land, for the which I lifted up my hand to give it to them, then they saw every high hill, and all the thick trees, and they offered there their sacrifices, and there they presented the provocation of their offering: there also they made their sweet smell, and poured out there their drink offerings.
Jeremiah 2:6	Neither said they, Where is the LORD that brought us up out of the land of Egypt, that led us through the wilderness, through a land of deserts and of pits, through a land of drought, and of the shadow of death, through a land that no man passed through, and where no man dwelled?
Psalm 116:13	I will take the cup of salvation, and call on the name of the LORD.
Job 39:30	Her young ones also suck up blood: and where the slain are, there is she.
Genesis 39:23	The keeper of the prison looked not to any thing that was under his hand; because the LORD was with him, and that which he did, the LORD made it to prosper.
Romans 15:31	That I may be delivered from them that do not believe in Judaea; and that my service which I have for Jerusalem may be accepted of the saints;
Genesis 42:19	If you be true men, let one of your brothers be bound in the house of your prison: go you, carry corn for the famine of your houses:
Acts 8:40	But Philip was found at Azotus: and passing through he preached in all the cities, till he came to Caesarea.
Revelation 16:3	And the second angel poured out his vial on the sea; and it became as the blood of a dead man: and every living soul died in the sea.
Revelation 18:11	And the merchants of the earth shall weep and mourn over her; for no man buys their merchandise any more:
Numbers 31:5	So there were delivered out of the thousands of Israel, a thousand of every tribe, twelve thousand armed for war.
Ephesians 3:15	Of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named,
Psalm 132:2	How he swore to the LORD, and vowed to the mighty God of Jacob;
Exodus 28:4	And these are the garments which they shall make; a breastplate, and an ephod, and a robe, and a broidered coat, a turban, and a girdle: and they shall make holy garments for Aaron your brother, and his sons, that he may minister to me in the priest’s office.
Luke 4:37	And the fame of him went out into every place of the country round about.
Jeremiah 52:24	And the captain of the guard took Seraiah the chief priest, and Zephaniah the second priest, and the three keepers of the door:
Acts 5:25	Then came one and told them, saying, Behold, the men whom you put in prison are standing in the temple, and teaching the people.
Amos 4:7	And also I have withheld the rain from you, when there were yet three months to the harvest: and I caused it to rain on one city, and caused it not to rain on another city: one piece was rained on, and the piece whereupon it rained not withered.
Daniel 5:4	They drank wine, and praised the gods of gold, and of silver, of brass, of iron, of wood, and of stone.
Genesis 42:7	And Joseph saw his brothers, and he knew them, but made himself strange to them, and spoke roughly to them; and he said to them, From where come you? And they said, From the land of Canaan to buy food.
Jeremiah 48:47	Yet will I bring again the captivity of Moab in the latter days, said the LORD. Thus far is the judgment of Moab.
Numbers 5:29	This is the law of jealousies, when a wife goes aside to another instead of her husband, and is defiled;
Mark 7:9	And he said to them, Full well you reject the commandment of God, that you may keep your own tradition.
Nehemiah 6:8	Then I sent to him, saying, There are no such things done as you say, but you feign them out of your own heart.
Jeremiah 5:21	Hear now this, O foolish people, and without understanding; which have eyes, and see not; which have ears, and hear not:
Isaiah 22:6	And Elam bore the quiver with chariots of men and horsemen, and Kir uncovered the shield.
Isaiah 56:4	For thus said the LORD to the eunuchs that keep my sabbaths, and choose the things that please me, and take hold of my covenant;
1 Chronicles 9:33	And these are the singers, chief of the fathers of the Levites, who remaining in the chambers were free: for they were employed in that work day and night.
Zechariah 7:13	Therefore it is come to pass, that as he cried, and they would not hear; so they cried, and I would not hear, said the LORD of hosts:
1 Kings 4:13	The son of Geber, in Ramothgilead; to him pertained the towns of Jair the son of Manasseh, which are in Gilead; to him also pertained the region of Argob, which is in Bashan, three score great cities with walls and brazen bars:
Numbers 7:43	His offering was one silver charger of the weight of an hundred and thirty shekels, a silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:
Daniel 11:42	He shall stretch forth his hand also on the countries: and the land of Egypt shall not escape.
Exodus 30:16	And you shall take the atonement money of the children of Israel, and shall appoint it for the service of the tabernacle of the congregation; that it may be a memorial to the children of Israel before the LORD, to make an atonement for your souls.
Hebrews 8:6	But now has he obtained a more excellent ministry, by how much also he is the mediator of a better covenant, which was established on better promises.
Psalm 19:14	Let the words of my mouth, and the meditation of my heart, be acceptable in your sight, O LORD, my strength, and my redeemer.
Micah 6:15	You shall sow, but you shall not reap; you shall tread the olives, but you shall not anoint you with oil; and sweet wine, but shall not drink wine.
2 Corinthians 6:10	As sorrowful, yet always rejoicing; as poor, yet making many rich; as having nothing, and yet possessing all things.
Psalm 65:9	You visit the earth, and water it: you greatly enrich it with the river of God, which is full of water: you prepare them corn, when you have so provided for it.
Job 5:13	He takes the wise in their own craftiness: and the counsel of the fraudulent is carried headlong.
Deuteronomy 24:19	When you cut down your harvest in your field, and have forgot a sheaf in the field, you shall not go again to fetch it: it shall be for the stranger, for the fatherless, and for the widow: that the LORD your God may bless you in all the work of your hands.
Amos 3:12	Thus said the LORD; As the shepherd takes out of the mouth of the lion two legs, or a piece of an ear; so shall the children of Israel be taken out that dwell in Samaria in the corner of a bed, and in Damascus in a couch.
Numbers 29:35	On the eighth day you shall have a solemn assembly: you shall do no servile work therein:
Ezra 7:16	And all the silver and gold that you can find in all the province of Babylon, with the freewill offering of the people, and of the priests, offering willingly for the house of their God which is in Jerusalem:
Deuteronomy 30:5	And the LORD your God will bring you into the land which your fathers possessed, and you shall possess it; and he will do you good, and multiply you above your fathers.
Hebrews 11:24	By faith Moses, when he was come to years, refused to be called the son of Pharaoh’s daughter;
Jeremiah 7:13	And now, because you have done all these works, said the LORD, and I spoke to you, rising up early and speaking, but you heard not; and I called you, but you answered not;
Matthew 21:41	They say to him, He will miserably destroy those wicked men, and will let out his vineyard to other farmers, which shall render him the fruits in their seasons.
2 Chronicles 21:10	So the Edomites revolted from under the hand of Judah to this day. The same time also did Libnah revolt from under his hand; because he had forsaken the LORD God of his fathers.
2 Corinthians 2:4	For out of much affliction and anguish of heart I wrote to you with many tears; not that you should be grieved, but that you might know the love which I have more abundantly to you.
Matthew 27:34	They gave him vinegar to drink mingled with gall: and when he had tasted thereof, he would not drink.
Psalm 31:14	But I trusted in you, O LORD: I said, You are my God.
Joshua 24:24	And the people said to Joshua, The LORD our God will we serve, and his voice will we obey.
Jeremiah 34:9	That every man should let his manservant, and every man his maidservant, being an Hebrew or an Hebrewess, go free; that none should serve himself of them, to wit, of a Jew his brother.
Jeremiah 8:19	Behold the voice of the cry of the daughter of my people because of them that dwell in a far country: Is not the LORD in Zion? is not her king in her? Why have they provoked me to anger with their graven images, and with strange vanities?
Leviticus 22:15	And they shall not profane the holy things of the children of Israel, which they offer to the LORD;
Genesis 6:12	And God looked on the earth, and, behold, it was corrupt; for all flesh had corrupted his way on the earth.
Hebrews 13:11	For the bodies of those beasts, whose blood is brought into the sanctuary by the high priest for sin, are burned without the camp.
Psalm 119:12	Blessed are you, O LORD: teach me your statutes.
Acts 17:1	Now when they had passed through Amphipolis and Apollonia, they came to Thessalonica, where was a synagogue of the Jews:
Jeremiah 9:13	And the LORD said, Because they have forsaken my law which I set before them, and have not obeyed my voice, neither walked therein;
Numbers 12:3	(Now the man Moses was very meek, above all the men which were on the face of the earth.)
Job 26:4	To whom have you uttered words? and whose spirit came from you?
John 4:21	Jesus said to her, Woman, believe me, the hour comes, when you shall neither in this mountain, nor yet at Jerusalem, worship the Father.
Judges 6:7	And it came to pass, when the children of Israel cried to the LORD because of the Midianites,
2 Samuel 7:16	And your house and your kingdom shall be established for ever before you: your throne shall be established for ever.
John 20:21	Then said Jesus to them again, Peace be to you: as my Father has sent me, even so send I you.
1 Kings 11:22	Then Pharaoh said to him, But what have you lacked with me, that, behold, you seek to go to your own country? And he answered, Nothing: however, let me go in any wise.
Ezekiel 20:38	And I will purge out from among you the rebels, and them that transgress against me: I will bring them forth out of the country where they sojourn, and they shall not enter into the land of Israel: and you shall know that I am the LORD.
Zephaniah 2:10	This shall they have for their pride, because they have reproached and magnified themselves against the people of the LORD of hosts.
1 Kings 14:27	And king Rehoboam made in their stead brazen shields, and committed them to the hands of the chief of the guard, which kept the door of the king’s house.
1 Chronicles 23:20	Of the sons of Uzziel; Micah the first and Jesiah the second.
Psalm 35:7	For without cause have they hid for me their net in a pit, which without cause they have dig for my soul.
Exodus 3:1	Now Moses kept the flock of Jethro his father in law, the priest of Midian: and he led the flock to the backside of the desert, and came to the mountain of God, even to Horeb.
2 Samuel 8:16	And Joab the son of Zeruiah was over the host; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud was recorder;
Judges 11:12	And Jephthah sent messengers to the king of the children of Ammon, saying, What have you to do with me, that you are come against me to fight in my land?
2 Chronicles 26:15	And he made in Jerusalem engines, invented by cunning men, to be on the towers and on the bulwarks, to shoot arrows and great stones with. And his name spread far abroad; for he was marvelously helped, till he was strong.
Luke 9:23	And he said to them all, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross daily, and follow me.
Isaiah 30:28	And his breath, as an overflowing stream, shall reach to the middle of the neck, to sift the nations with the sieve of vanity: and there shall be a bridle in the jaws of the people, causing them to err.
Genesis 11:25	And Nahor lived after he begat Terah an hundred and nineteen years, and begat sons and daughters.
Joshua 15:19	Who answered, Give me a blessing; for you have given me a south land; give me also springs of water. And he gave her the upper springs, and the nether springs.
Psalm 145:18	The LORD is near to all them that call on him, to all that call on him in truth.
1 Thessalonians 5:13	And to esteem them very highly in love for their work’s sake. And be at peace among yourselves.
Deuteronomy 6:10	And it shall be, when the LORD your God shall have brought you into the land which he swore to your fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, to give you great and goodly cities, which you built not,
Leviticus 27:24	In the year of the jubilee the field shall return to him of whom it was bought, even to him to whom the possession of the land did belong.
Psalm 126:2	Then was our mouth filled with laughter, and our tongue with singing: then said they among the heathen, The LORD has done great things for them.
Genesis 42:10	And they said to him, No, my lord, but to buy food are your servants come.
1 Samuel 6:8	And take the ark of the LORD, and lay it on the cart; and put the jewels of gold, which you return him for a trespass offering, in a coffer by the side thereof; and send it away, that it may go.
1 Samuel 30:2	And had taken the women captives, that were therein: they slew not any, either great or small, but carried them away, and went on their way.
Numbers 1:15	Of Naphtali; Ahira the son of Enan.
Luke 20:9	Then began he to speak to the people this parable; A certain man planted a vineyard, and let it forth to farmers, and went into a far country for a long time.
1 Chronicles 19:2	And David said, I will show kindness to Hanun the son of Nahash, because his father showed kindness to me. And David sent messengers to comfort him concerning his father. So the servants of David came into the land of the children of Ammon to Hanun, to comfort him.
Psalm 49:12	Nevertheless man being in honor stays not: he is like the beasts that perish.
John 3:6	That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit.
Psalm 68:20	He that is our God is the God of salvation; and to GOD the Lord belong the issues from death.
Ezra 2:47	The children of Giddel, the children of Gahar, the children of Reaiah,
2 Kings 23:34	And Pharaohnechoh made Eliakim the son of Josiah king in the room of Josiah his father, and turned his name to Jehoiakim, and took Jehoahaz away: and he came to Egypt, and died there.
1 Corinthians 7:30	And they that weep, as though they wept not; and they that rejoice, as though they rejoiced not; and they that buy, as though they possessed not;
1 Chronicles 5:20	And they were helped against them, and the Hagarites were delivered into their hand, and all that were with them: for they cried to God in the battle, and he was entreated of them; because they put their trust in him.
Ephesians 6:6	Not with eye-service, as men pleasers; but as the servants of Christ, doing the will of God from the heart;
Deuteronomy 13:8	You shall not consent to him, nor listen to him; neither shall your eye pity him, neither shall you spare, neither shall you conceal him:
Numbers 24:9	He couched, he lay down as a lion, and as a great lion: who shall stir him up? Blessed is he that blesses you, and cursed is he that curses you.
Amos 9:14	And I will bring again the captivity of my people of Israel, and they shall build the waste cities, and inhabit them; and they shall plant vineyards, and drink the wine thereof; they shall also make gardens, and eat the fruit of them.
2 Corinthians 1:7	And our hope of you is steadfast, knowing, that as you are partakers of the sufferings, so shall you be also of the consolation.
2 Samuel 14:7	And, behold, the whole family is risen against your handmaid, and they said, Deliver him that smote his brother, that we may kill him, for the life of his brother whom he slew; and we will destroy the heir also: and so they shall quench my coal which is left, and shall not leave to my husband neither name nor remainder on the earth.
2 Kings 7:20	And so it fell out to him: for the people stepped on him in the gate, and he died.
Acts 26:17	Delivering you from the people, and from the Gentiles, to whom now I send you,
Nehemiah 1:5	And said, I beseech you, O LORD God of heaven, the great and terrible God, that keeps covenant and mercy for them that love him and observe his commandments:
Amos 6:1	Woe to them that are at ease in Zion, and trust in the mountain of Samaria, which are named chief of the nations, to whom the house of Israel came!
John 10:4	And when he puts forth his own sheep, he goes before them, and the sheep follow him: for they know his voice.
Hebrews 10:6	In burnt offerings and sacrifices for sin you have had no pleasure.
2 Samuel 7:4	And it came to pass that night, that the word of the LORD came to Nathan, saying,
Ezekiel 8:3	And he put forth the form of an hand, and took me by a lock of my head; and the spirit lifted me up between the earth and the heaven, and brought me in the visions of God to Jerusalem, to the door of the inner gate that looks toward the north; where was the seat of the image of jealousy, which provokes to jealousy.
1 Kings 9:23	These were the chief of the officers that were over Solomon’s work, five hundred and fifty, which bore rule over the people that worked in the work.
Jeremiah 3:8	And I saw, when for all the causes whereby backsliding Israel committed adultery I had put her away, and given her a bill of divorce; yet her treacherous sister Judah feared not, but went and played the harlot also.
2 Kings 4:21	And she went up, and laid him on the bed of the man of God, and shut the door on him, and went out.
Luke 24:39	Behold my hands and my feet, that it is I myself: handle me, and see; for a spirit has not flesh and bones, as you see me have.
Genesis 50:9	And there went up with him both chariots and horsemen: and it was a very great company.
2 Chronicles 6:10	The LORD therefore has performed his word that he has spoken: for I am risen up in the room of David my father, and am set on the throne of Israel, as the LORD promised, and have built the house for the name of the LORD God of Israel.
Deuteronomy 15:3	Of a foreigner you may exact it again: but that which is your with your brother your hand shall release;
Numbers 24:14	And now, behold, I go to my people: come therefore, and I will advertise you what this people shall do to your people in the latter days.
Psalm 29:2	Give to the LORD the glory due to his name; worship the LORD in the beauty of holiness.
Jeremiah 9:3	And they bend their tongues like their bow for lies: but they are not valiant for the truth on the earth; for they proceed from evil to evil, and they know not me, said the LORD.
Leviticus 15:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses and to Aaron, saying,
Deuteronomy 22:1	You shall not see your brother’s ox or his sheep go astray, and hide yourself from them: you shall in any case bring them again to your brother.
Numbers 26:7	These are the families of the Reubenites: and they that were numbered of them were forty and three thousand and seven hundred and thirty.
Genesis 14:24	Save only that which the young men have eaten, and the portion of the men which went with me, Aner, Eshcol, and Mamre; let them take their portion.
1 Chronicles 28:5	And of all my sons, (for the LORD has given me many sons,) he has chosen Solomon my son to sit on the throne of the kingdom of the LORD over Israel.
Isaiah 36:4	And Rabshakeh said to them, Say you now to Hezekiah, Thus said the great king, the king of Assyria, What confidence is this wherein you trust?
Jeremiah 32:26	Then came the word of the LORD to Jeremiah, saying,
Ezekiel 31:8	The cedars in the garden of God could not hide him: the fir trees were not like his boughs, and the chestnut trees were not like his branches; nor any tree in the garden of God was like to him in his beauty.
Ezekiel 9:10	And as for me also, my eye shall not spare, neither will I have pity, but I will recompense their way on their head.
Jeremiah 16:10	And it shall come to pass, when you shall show this people all these words, and they shall say to you, Why has the LORD pronounced all this great evil against us? or what is our iniquity? or what is our sin that we have committed against the LORD our God?
1 Kings 16:15	In the twenty and seventh year of Asa king of Judah did Zimri reign seven days in Tirzah. And the people were encamped against Gibbethon, which belonged to the Philistines.
Jeremiah 48:2	There shall be no more praise of Moab: in Heshbon they have devised evil against it; come, and let us cut it off from being a nation. Also you shall be cut down, O Madmen; the sword shall pursue you.
Genesis 49:30	In the cave that is in the field of Machpelah, which is before Mamre, in the land of Canaan, which Abraham bought with the field of Ephron the Hittite for a possession of a burial plot.
Genesis 49:6	O my soul, come not you into their secret; to their assembly, my honor, be not you united: for in their anger they slew a man, and in their self-will they dig down a wall.
Psalm 17:4	Concerning the works of men, by the word of your lips I have kept me from the paths of the destroyer.
2 Chronicles 25:16	And it came to pass, as he talked with him, that the king said to him, Are you made of the king’s counsel? forbear; why should you be smitten? Then the prophet declined, and said, I know that God has determined to destroy you, because you have done this, and have not listened to my counsel.
Deuteronomy 11:6	And what he did to Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab, the son of Reuben: how the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed them up, and their households, and their tents, and all the substance that was in their possession, in the middle of all Israel:
Joel 3:3	And they have cast lots for my people; and have given a boy for an harlot, and sold a girl for wine, that they might drink.
Genesis 27:13	And his mother said to him, On me be your curse, my son: only obey my voice, and go fetch me them.
Zephaniah 2:8	I have heard the reproach of Moab, and the revilings of the children of Ammon, whereby they have reproached my people, and magnified themselves against their border.
1 Chronicles 4:42	And some of them, even of the sons of Simeon, five hundred men, went to mount Seir, having for their captains Pelatiah, and Neariah, and Rephaiah, and Uzziel, the sons of Ishi.
2 Timothy 1:14	That good thing which was committed to you keep by the Holy Ghost which dwells in us.
Jeremiah 19:6	Therefore, behold, the days come, said the LORD, that this place shall no more be called Tophet, nor The valley of the son of Hinnom, but The valley of slaughter.
Matthew 20:22	But Jesus answered and said, You know not what you ask. Are you able to drink of the cup that I shall drink of, and to be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with? They say to him, We are able.
1 Samuel 9:17	And when Samuel saw Saul, the LORD said to him, Behold the man whom I spoke to you of! this same shall reign over my people.
Isaiah 21:7	And he saw a chariot with a couple of horsemen, a chariot of asses, and a chariot of camels; and he listened diligently with much heed:
Psalm 48:9	We have thought of your loving kindness, O God, in the middle of your temple.
Proverbs 10:18	He that hides hatred with lying lips, and he that utters a slander, is a fool.
Job 28:8	The lion’s whelps have not trodden it, nor the fierce lion passed by it.
Genesis 37:12	And his brothers went to feed their father’s flock in Shechem.
Ephesians 5:31	For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and shall be joined to his wife, and they two shall be one flesh.
Jeremiah 7:33	And the carcasses of this people shall be meat for the fowls of the heaven, and for the beasts of the earth; and none shall fray them away.
Luke 7:36	And one of the Pharisees desired him that he would eat with him. And he went into the Pharisee’s house, and sat down to meat.
1 Timothy 6:8	And having food and raiment let us be therewith content.
Esther 5:12	Haman said moreover, Yes, Esther the queen did let no man come in with the king to the banquet that she had prepared but myself; and to morrow am I invited to her also with the king.
John 9:7	And said to him, Go, wash in the pool of Siloam, (which is by interpretation, Sent.) He went his way therefore, and washed, and came seeing.
2 Samuel 15:36	Behold, they have there with them their two sons, Ahimaaz Zadok’s son, and Jonathan Abiathar’s son; and by them you shall send to me every thing that you can hear.
Isaiah 48:15	I, even I, have spoken; yes, I have called him: I have brought him, and he shall make his way prosperous.
Nehemiah 13:17	Then I contended with the nobles of Judah, and said to them, What evil thing is this that you do, and profane the sabbath day?
Hebrews 11:22	By faith Joseph, when he died, made mention of the departing of the children of Israel; and gave commandment concerning his bones.
Numbers 32:2	The children of Gad and the children of Reuben came and spoke to Moses, and to Eleazar the priest, and to the princes of the congregation, saying,
Amos 4:9	I have smitten you with blasting and mildew: when your gardens and your vineyards and your fig trees and your olive trees increased, the palmerworm devoured them: yet have you not returned to me, said the LORD.
1 Peter 4:3	For the time past of our life may suffice us to have worked the will of the Gentiles, when we walked in lasciviousness, lusts, excess of wine, revelings, parties, and abominable idolatries:
Proverbs 2:7	He lays up sound wisdom for the righteous: he is a buckler to them that walk uprightly.
Jeremiah 32:44	Men shall buy fields for money, and subscribe evidences, and seal them, and take witnesses in the land of Benjamin, and in the places about Jerusalem, and in the cities of Judah, and in the cities of the mountains, and in the cities of the valley, and in the cities of the south: for I will cause their captivity to return, said the LORD.
Judges 9:29	And would to God this people were under my hand! then would I remove Abimelech. And he said to Abimelech, Increase your army, and come out.
Lamentations 3:39	Why does a living man complain, a man for the punishment of his sins?
2 Kings 6:14	Therefore sent he thither horses, and chariots, and a great host: and they came by night, and compassed the city about.
Nehemiah 7:21	The children of Ater of Hezekiah, ninety and eight.
1 Samuel 9:5	And when they were come to the land of Zuph, Saul said to his servant that was with him, Come, and let us return; lest my father leave caring for the asses, and take thought for us.
Isaiah 54:16	Behold, I have created the smith that blows the coals in the fire, and that brings forth an instrument for his work; and I have created the waster to destroy.
Matthew 27:63	Saying, Sir, we remember that that deceiver said, while he was yet alive, After three days I will rise again.
Genesis 43:34	And he took and sent messes to them from before him: but Benjamin’s mess was five times so much as any of theirs. And they drank, and were merry with him.
Acts 14:19	And there came thither certain Jews from Antioch and Iconium, who persuaded the people, and having stoned Paul, drew him out of the city, supposing he had been dead.
Proverbs 22:18	For it is a pleasant thing if you keep them within you; they shall with be fitted in your lips.
Psalm 37:1	Fret not yourself because of evildoers, neither be you envious against the workers of iniquity.
Genesis 40:9	And the chief butler told his dream to Joseph, and said to him, In my dream, behold, a vine was before me;
Psalm 147:20	He has not dealt so with any nation: and as for his judgments, they have not known them. Praise you the LORD.
Job 39:14	Which leaves her eggs in the earth, and warms them in dust,
Isaiah 66:16	For by fire and by his sword will the LORD plead with all flesh: and the slain of the LORD shall be many.
Lamentations 3:38	Out of the mouth of the most High proceeds not evil and good?
Ezekiel 24:3	And utter a parable to the rebellious house, and say to them, Thus said the Lord GOD; Set on a pot, set it on, and also pour water into it:
Isaiah 41:26	Who has declared from the beginning, that we may know? and beforetime, that we may say, He is righteous? yes, there is none that shows, yes, there is none that declares, yes, there is none that hears your words.
Daniel 2:16	Then Daniel went in, and desired of the king that he would give him time, and that he would show the king the interpretation.
Job 4:19	How much less in them that dwell in houses of clay, whose foundation is in the dust, which are crushed before the moth?
Titus 1:16	They profess that they know God; but in works they deny him, being abominable, and disobedient, and to every good work reprobate.
Joshua 18:17	And was drawn from the north, and went forth to Enshemesh, and went forth toward Geliloth, which is over against the going up of Adummim, and descended to the stone of Bohan the son of Reuben,
Isaiah 7:10	Moreover the LORD spoke again to Ahaz, saying,
Galatians 3:24	Why the law was our schoolmaster to bring us to Christ, that we might be justified by faith.
1 Corinthians 9:1	Am I not an apostle? am I not free? have I not seen Jesus Christ our Lord? are not you my work in the Lord?
Numbers 7:53	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Elishama the son of Ammihud.
Leviticus 15:6	And he that sits on any thing where on he sat that has the issue shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.
Exodus 12:28	And the children of Israel went away, and did as the LORD had commanded Moses and Aaron, so did they.
Matthew 11:24	But I say to you, That it shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom in the day of judgment, than for you.
Luke 23:55	And the women also, which came with him from Galilee, followed after, and beheld the sepulcher, and how his body was laid.
Revelation 9:17	And thus I saw the horses in the vision, and them that sat on them, having breastplates of fire, and of jacinth, and brimstone: and the heads of the horses were as the heads of lions; and out of their mouths issued fire and smoke and brimstone.
Jeremiah 51:51	We are confounded, because we have heard reproach: shame has covered our faces: for strangers are come into the sanctuaries of the LORD’s house.
Romans 3:17	And the way of peace have they not known:
Job 8:22	They that hate you shall be clothed with shame; and the dwelling place of the wicked shall come to nothing.
Genesis 16:2	And Sarai said to Abram, Behold now, the LORD has restrained me from bearing: I pray you, go in to my maid; it may be that I may obtain children by her. And Abram listened to the voice of Sarai.
Job 9:16	If I had called, and he had answered me; yet would I not believe that he had listened to my voice.
1 Kings 18:23	Let them therefore give us two bullocks; and let them choose one bullock for themselves, and cut it in pieces, and lay it on wood, and put no fire under: and I will dress the other bullock, and lay it on wood, and put no fire under:
Exodus 12:12	For I will pass through the land of Egypt this night, and will smite all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both man and beast; and against all the gods of Egypt I will execute judgment: I am the LORD.
1 Chronicles 27:8	The fifth captain for the fifth month was Shamhuth the Izrahite: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
1 Kings 15:31	Now the rest of the acts of Nadab, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
Luke 15:12	And the younger of them said to his father, Father, give me the portion of goods that falls to me. And he divided to them his living.
Amos 3:8	The lion has roared, who will not fear? the Lord GOD has spoken, who can but prophesy?
2 Chronicles 28:10	And now you purpose to keep under the children of Judah and Jerusalem for slaves and bondwomen to you: but are there not with you, even with you, sins against the LORD your God?
Psalm 36:4	He devises mischief on his bed; he sets himself in a way that is not good; he abhors not evil.
2 Samuel 19:18	And there went over a ferry boat to carry over the king’s household, and to do what he thought good. And Shimei the son of Gera fell down before the king, as he was come over Jordan;
1 Chronicles 18:4	And David took from him a thousand chariots, and seven thousand horsemen, and twenty thousand footmen: David also hamstrung all the chariot horses, but reserved of them an hundred chariots.
Genesis 24:38	But you shall go to my father’s house, and to my kindred, and take a wife to my son.
Judges 7:24	And Gideon sent messengers throughout all mount Ephraim, saying, come down against the Midianites, and take before them the waters to Bethbarah and Jordan. Then all the men of Ephraim gathered themselves together, and took the waters to Bethbarah and Jordan.
Proverbs 22:11	He that loves pureness of heart, for the grace of his lips the king shall be his friend.
Luke 11:31	The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with the men of this generation, and condemn them: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.
Daniel 4:5	I saw a dream which made me afraid, and the thoughts on my bed and the visions of my head troubled me.
1 Corinthians 10:9	Neither let us tempt Christ, as some of them also tempted, and were destroyed of serpents.
Amos 5:7	You who turn judgment to wormwood, and leave off righteousness in the earth,
Ezra 2:5	The children of Arah, seven hundred seventy and five.
Psalm 7:9	Oh let the wickedness of the wicked come to an end; but establish the just: for the righteous God tries the hearts and reins.
Numbers 8:4	And this work of the candlestick was of beaten gold, to the shaft thereof, to the flowers thereof, was beaten work: according to the pattern which the LORD had showed Moses, so he made the candlestick.
Deuteronomy 2:7	For the LORD your God has blessed you in all the works of your hand: he knows your walking through this great wilderness: these forty years the LORD your God has been with you; you have lacked nothing.
Romans 4:16	Therefore it is of faith, that it might be by grace; to the end the promise might be sure to all the seed; not to that only which is of the law, but to that also which is of the faith of Abraham; who is the father of us all,
Nehemiah 7:57	The children of Solomon’s servants: the children of Sotai, the children of Sophereth, the children of Perida,
Nehemiah 7:29	The men of Kirjathjearim, Chephirah, and Beeroth, seven hundred forty and three.
Isaiah 65:21	And they shall build houses, and inhabit them; and they shall plant vineyards, and eat the fruit of them.
Isaiah 16:3	Take counsel, execute judgment; make your shadow as the night in the middle of the noonday; hide the outcasts; denude not him that wanders.
Job 24:11	Which make oil within their walls, and tread their winepresses, and suffer thirst.
Exodus 40:13	And you shall put on Aaron the holy garments, and anoint him, and sanctify him; that he may minister to me in the priest’s office.
Exodus 4:24	And it came to pass by the way in the inn, that the LORD met him, and sought to kill him.
John 1:35	Again the next day after John stood, and two of his disciples;
Nehemiah 10:2	Seraiah, Azariah, Jeremiah,
2 Corinthians 4:14	Knowing that he which raised up the Lord Jesus shall raise up us also by Jesus, and shall present us with you.
Isaiah 26:7	The way of the just is uprightness: you, most upright, do weigh the path of the just.
John 5:16	And therefore did the Jews persecute Jesus, and sought to slay him, because he had done these things on the sabbath day.
Isaiah 1:19	If you be willing and obedient, you shall eat the good of the land:
Isaiah 38:4	Then came the word of the LORD to Isaiah, saying,
Genesis 25:1	Then again Abraham took a wife, and her name was Keturah.
Deuteronomy 12:2	You shall utterly destroy all the places, wherein the nations which you shall possess served their gods, on the high mountains, and on the hills, and under every green tree:
John 20:3	Peter therefore went forth, and that other disciple, and came to the sepulcher.
Matthew 26:28	For this is my blood of the new testament, which is shed for many for the remission of sins.
Daniel 2:15	He answered and said to Arioch the king’s captain, Why is the decree so hasty from the king? Then Arioch made the thing known to Daniel.
Genesis 30:22	And God remembered Rachel, and God listened to her, and opened her womb.
1 Chronicles 3:24	And the sons of Elioenai were, Hodaiah, and Eliashib, and Pelaiah, and Akkub, and Johanan, and Dalaiah, and Anani, seven.
Joel 2:8	Neither shall one thrust another; they shall walk every one in his path: and when they fall on the sword, they shall not be wounded.
1 Chronicles 6:42	The son of Ethan, the son of Zimmah, the son of Shimei,
2 Kings 20:14	Then came Isaiah the prophet to king Hezekiah, and said to him, What said these men? and from from where came they to you? And Hezekiah said, They are come from a far country, even from Babylon.
Colossians 4:12	Epaphras, who is one of you, a servant of Christ, salutes you, always laboring fervently for you in prayers, that you may stand perfect and complete in all the will of God.
Psalm 25:2	O my God, I trust in you: let me not be ashamed, let not my enemies triumph over me.
Luke 22:62	And Peter went out, and wept bitterly.
Isaiah 42:15	I will make waste mountains and hills, and dry up all their herbs; and I will make the rivers islands, and I will dry up the pools.
Psalm 122:3	Jerusalem is built as a city that is compact together:
Romans 9:10	And not only this; but when Rebecca also had conceived by one, even by our father Isaac;
Joshua 22:11	And the children of Israel heard say, Behold, the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh have built an altar over against the land of Canaan, in the borders of Jordan, at the passage of the children of Israel.
Luke 20:37	Now that the dead are raised, even Moses showed at the bush, when he calls the Lord the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob.
Romans 9:24	Even us, whom he has called, not of the Jews only, but also of the Gentiles?
2 Samuel 21:20	And there was yet a battle in Gath, where was a man of great stature, that had on every hand six fingers, and on every foot six toes, four and twenty in number; and he also was born to the giant.
Revelation 18:3	For all nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her fornication, and the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her, and the merchants of the earth are waxed rich through the abundance of her delicacies.
Ezekiel 38:21	And I will call for a sword against him throughout all my mountains, said the Lord GOD: every man’s sword shall be against his brother.
Matthew 26:56	But all this was done, that the scriptures of the prophets might be fulfilled. Then all the disciples forsook him, and fled.
Hebrews 13:19	But I beseech you the rather to do this, that I may be restored to you the sooner.
Jeremiah 47:2	Thus said the LORD; Behold, waters rise up out of the north, and shall be an overflowing flood, and shall overflow the land, and all that is therein; the city, and them that dwell therein: then the men shall cry, and all the inhabitants of the land shall howl.
Jeremiah 7:34	Then will I cause to cease from the cities of Judah, and from the streets of Jerusalem, the voice of mirth, and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, and the voice of the bride: for the land shall be desolate.
Joshua 7:26	And they raised over him a great heap of stones to this day. So the LORD turned from the fierceness of his anger. Why the name of that place was called, The valley of Achor, to this day.
Proverbs 8:30	Then I was by him, as one brought up with him: and I was daily his delight, rejoicing always before him;
1 Corinthians 10:19	What say I then? that the idol is any thing, or that which is offered in sacrifice to idols is any thing?
Micah 6:1	Hear you now what the LORD said; Arise, contend you before the mountains, and let the hills hear your voice.
1 Samuel 19:11	Saul also sent messengers to David’s house, to watch him, and to slay him in the morning: and Michal David’s wife told him, saying, If you save not your life to night, to morrow you shall be slain.
Isaiah 40:24	Yes, they shall not be planted; yes, they shall not be sown: yes, their stock shall not take root in the earth: and he shall also blow on them, and they shall wither, and the whirlwind shall take them away as stubble.
Matthew 14:35	And when the men of that place had knowledge of him, they sent out into all that country round about, and brought to him all that were diseased;
Job 17:16	They shall go down to the bars of the pit, when our rest together is in the dust.
Psalm 105:39	He spread a cloud for a covering; and fire to give light in the night.
Mark 11:12	And on the morrow, when they were come from Bethany, he was hungry:
Genesis 1:7	And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament: and it was so.
1 Samuel 29:11	So David and his men rose up early to depart in the morning, to return into the land of the Philistines. And the Philistines went up to Jezreel.
Mark 1:16	Now as he walked by the sea of Galilee, he saw Simon and Andrew his brother casting a net into the sea: for they were fishers.
Joshua 22:32	And Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest, and the princes, returned from the children of Reuben, and from the children of Gad, out of the land of Gilead, to the land of Canaan, to the children of Israel, and brought them word again.
Psalm 124:1	If it had not been the LORD who was on our side, now may Israel say;
Deuteronomy 5:9	You shall not bow down yourself to them, nor serve them: for I the LORD your God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers on the children to the third and fourth generation of them that hate me,
Ezekiel 41:3	Then went he inward, and measured the post of the door, two cubits; and the door, six cubits; and the breadth of the door, seven cubits.
Deuteronomy 26:7	And when we cried to the LORD God of our fathers, the LORD heard our voice, and looked on our affliction, and our labor, and our oppression:
Romans 16:16	Salute one another with an holy kiss. The churches of Christ salute you.
1 Samuel 24:16	And it came to pass, when David had made an end of speaking these words to Saul, that Saul said, Is this your voice, my son David? And Saul lifted up his voice, and wept.
Isaiah 19:17	And the land of Judah shall be a terror to Egypt, every one that makes mention thereof shall be afraid in himself, because of the counsel of the LORD of hosts, which he has determined against it.
Luke 22:14	And when the hour was come, he sat down, and the twelve apostles with him.
Psalm 105:4	Seek the LORD, and his strength: seek his face ever more.
Numbers 4:22	Take also the sum of the sons of Gershon, throughout the houses of their fathers, by their families;
Leviticus 6:8	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Ezekiel 30:4	And the sword shall come on Egypt, and great pain shall be in Ethiopia, when the slain shall fall in Egypt, and they shall take away her multitude, and her foundations shall be broken down.
Genesis 44:9	With whomsoever of your servants it be found, both let him die, and we also will be my lord’s slaves.
Nehemiah 3:18	After him repaired their brothers, Bavai the son of Henadad, the ruler of the half part of Keilah.
Psalm 20:9	Save, LORD: let the king hear us when we call.
2 Kings 10:36	And the time that Jehu reigned over Israel in Samaria was twenty and eight years.
1 Kings 2:33	Their blood shall therefore return on the head of Joab, and on the head of his seed for ever: but on David, and on his seed, and on his house, and on his throne, shall there be peace for ever from the LORD.
Ezekiel 23:17	And the Babylonians came to her into the bed of love, and they defiled her with their prostitution, and she was polluted with them, and her mind was alienated from them.
1 Samuel 11:6	And the Spirit of God came on Saul when he heard those tidings, and his anger was kindled greatly.
Isaiah 14:13	For you have said in your heart, I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God: I will sit also on the mount of the congregation, in the sides of the north:
Ezekiel 43:23	When you have made an end of cleansing it, you shall offer a young bullock without blemish, and a ram out of the flock without blemish.
Philippians 1:21	For to me to live is Christ, and to die is gain.
Proverbs 13:17	A wicked messenger falls into mischief: but a faithful ambassador is health.
Hebrews 10:34	For you had compassion of me in my bonds, and took joyfully the spoiling of your goods, knowing in yourselves that you have in heaven a better and an enduring substance.
Exodus 26:31	And you shall make a veil of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen of cunning work: with cherubim shall it be made:
2 Samuel 20:10	But Amasa took no heed to the sword that was in Joab’s hand: so he smote him therewith in the fifth rib, and shed out his bowels to the ground, and struck him not again; and he died. So Joab and Abishai his brother pursued after Sheba the son of Bichri.
Hosea 2:8	For she did not know that I gave her corn, and wine, and oil, and multiplied her silver and gold, which they prepared for Baal.
Mark 3:19	And Judas Iscariot, which also betrayed him: and they went into an house.
Psalm 60:8	Moab is my wash pot; over Edom will I cast out my shoe: Philistia, triumph you because of me.
2 Samuel 4:7	For when they came into the house, he lay on his bed in his bedchamber, and they smote him, and slew him, and beheaded him, and took his head, and got them away through the plain all night.
Leviticus 2:4	And if you bring an oblation of a meat offering baked in the oven, it shall be unleavened cakes of fine flour mingled with oil, or unleavened wafers anointed with oil.
Ezekiel 15:5	Behold, when it was whole, it was meet for no work: how much less shall it be meet yet for any work, when the fire has devoured it, and it is burned?
Genesis 36:12	And Timna was concubine to Eliphaz Esau’s son; and she bore to Eliphaz Amalek: these were the sons of Adah Esau’s wife.
Nehemiah 13:3	Now it came to pass, when they had heard the law, that they separated from Israel all the mixed multitude.
Exodus 33:4	And when the people heard these evil tidings, they mourned: and no man did put on him his ornaments.
1 Kings 19:3	And when he saw that, he arose, and went for his life, and came to Beersheba, which belongs to Judah, and left his servant there.
Revelation 14:18	And another angel came out from the altar, which had power over fire; and cried with a loud cry to him that had the sharp sickle, saying, Thrust in your sharp sickle, and gather the clusters of the vine of the earth; for her grapes are fully ripe.
2 Chronicles 3:8	And he made the most holy house, the length whereof was according to the breadth of the house, twenty cubits, and the breadth thereof twenty cubits: and he overlaid it with fine gold, amounting to six hundred talents.
Matthew 2:18	In Rama was there a voice heard, lamentation, and weeping, and great mourning, Rachel weeping for her children, and would not be comforted, because they are not.
Deuteronomy 8:14	Then your heart be lifted up, and you forget the LORD your God, which brought you forth out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage;
Mark 4:12	That seeing they may see, and not perceive; and hearing they may hear, and not understand; lest at any time they should be converted, and their sins should be forgiven them.
Mark 6:17	For Herod himself had sent forth and laid hold on John, and bound him in prison for Herodias’ sake, his brother Philip’s wife: for he had married her.
1 Chronicles 28:14	He gave of gold by weight for things of gold, for all instruments of all manner of service; silver also for all instruments of silver by weight, for all instruments of every kind of service:
Matthew 5:6	Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled.
1 Kings 8:17	And it was in the heart of David my father to build an house for the name of the LORD God of Israel.
Acts 9:34	And Peter said to him, Aeneas, Jesus Christ makes you whole: arise, and make your bed. And he arose immediately.
2 Samuel 3:7	And Saul had a concubine, whose name was Rizpah, the daughter of Aiah: and Ishbosheth said to Abner, Why have you gone in to my father’s concubine?
2 Chronicles 29:25	And he set the Levites in the house of the LORD with cymbals, with psalteries, and with harps, according to the commandment of David, and of Gad the king’s seer, and Nathan the prophet: for so was the commandment of the LORD by his prophets.
Genesis 40:4	And the captain of the guard charged Joseph with them, and he served them: and they continued a season in ward.
2 Kings 5:21	So Gehazi followed after Naaman. And when Naaman saw him running after him, he lighted down from the chariot to meet him, and said, Is all well?
John 18:32	That the saying of Jesus might be fulfilled, which he spoke, signifying what death he should die.
Psalm 109:11	Let the extortionist catch all that he has; and let the strangers spoil his labor.
John 5:32	There is another that bears witness of me; and I know that the witness which he witnesses of me is true.
Leviticus 15:19	And if a woman have an issue, and her issue in her flesh be blood, she shall be put apart seven days: and whoever touches her shall be unclean until the even.
Amos 4:13	For, see, he that forms the mountains, and creates the wind, and declares to man what is his thought, that makes the morning darkness, and treads on the high places of the earth, The LORD, The God of hosts, is his name.
Nahum 1:3	The LORD is slow to anger, and great in power, and will not at all acquit the wicked: the LORD has his way in the whirlwind and in the storm, and the clouds are the dust of his feet.
Exodus 32:28	And the children of Levi did according to the word of Moses: and there fell of the people that day about three thousand men.
Proverbs 17:15	He that justifies the wicked, and he that comdemns the just, even they both are abomination to the LORD.
Genesis 40:20	And it came to pass the third day, which was Pharaoh’s birthday, that he made a feast to all his servants: and he lifted up the head of the chief butler and of the chief baker among his servants.
Ezekiel 21:32	You shall be for fuel to the fire; your blood shall be in the middle of the land; you shall be no more remembered: for I the LORD have spoken it.
2 Chronicles 11:3	Speak to Rehoboam the son of Solomon, king of Judah, and to all Israel in Judah and Benjamin, saying,
Genesis 32:11	Deliver me, I pray you, from the hand of my brother, from the hand of Esau: for I fear him, lest he will come and smite me, and the mother with the children.
2 Samuel 2:31	But the servants of David had smitten of Benjamin, and of Abner’s men, so that three hundred and three score men died.
Luke 23:53	And he took it down, and wrapped it in linen, and laid it in a sepulcher that was hewn in stone, wherein never man before was laid.
Jeremiah 35:9	Nor to build houses for us to dwell in: neither have we vineyard, nor field, nor seed:
Isaiah 22:13	And behold joy and gladness, slaying oxen, and killing sheep, eating flesh, and drinking wine: let us eat and drink; for to morrow we shall die.
Nehemiah 10:12	Zaccur, Sherebiah, Shebaniah,
Isaiah 9:14	Therefore the LORD will cut off from Israel head and tail, branch and rush, in one day.
1 Samuel 10:25	Then Samuel told the people the manner of the kingdom, and wrote it in a book, and laid it up before the LORD. And Samuel sent all the people away, every man to his house.
Psalm 36:11	Let not the foot of pride come against me, and let not the hand of the wicked remove me.
Judges 9:26	And Gaal the son of Ebed came with his brothers, and went over to Shechem: and the men of Shechem put their confidence in him.
Psalm 116:1	I love the LORD, because he has heard my voice and my supplications.
Acts 18:26	And he began to speak boldly in the synagogue: whom when Aquila and Priscilla had heard, they took him to them, and expounded to him the way of God more perfectly.
Proverbs 23:29	Who has woe? who has sorrow? who has contentions? who has babbling? who has wounds without cause? who has redness of eyes?
Isaiah 61:10	I will greatly rejoice in the LORD, my soul shall be joyful in my God; for he has clothed me with the garments of salvation, he has covered me with the robe of righteousness, as a bridegroom decks himself with ornaments, and as a bride adorns herself with her jewels.
Proverbs 11:24	There is that scatters, and yet increases; and there is that withholds more than is meet, but it tends to poverty.
Daniel 8:25	And through his policy also he shall cause craft to prosper in his hand; and he shall magnify himself in his heart, and by peace shall destroy many: he shall also stand up against the Prince of princes; but he shall be broken without hand.
Jeremiah 10:24	O LORD, correct me, but with judgment; not in your anger, lest you bring me to nothing.
Revelation 1:2	Who bore record of the word of God, and of the testimony of Jesus Christ, and of all things that he saw.
Isaiah 26:21	For, behold, the LORD comes out of his place to punish the inhabitants of the earth for their iniquity: the earth also shall disclose her blood, and shall no more cover her slain.
Job 39:10	Can you bind the unicorn with his band in the furrow? or will he harrow the valleys after you?
Numbers 16:40	To be a memorial to the children of Israel, that no stranger, which is not of the seed of Aaron, come near to offer incense before the LORD; that he be not as Korah, and as his company: as the LORD said to him by the hand of Moses.
Exodus 33:10	And all the people saw the cloudy pillar stand at the tabernacle door: and all the people rose up and worshipped, every man in his tent door.
1 Samuel 9:4	And he passed through mount Ephraim, and passed through the land of Shalisha, but they found them not: then they passed through the land of Shalim, and there they were not: and he passed through the land of the Benjamites, but they found them not.
Jeremiah 40:1	The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD, after that Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard had let him go from Ramah, when he had taken him being bound in chains among all that were carried away captive of Jerusalem and Judah, which were carried away captive to Babylon.
Deuteronomy 15:13	And when you send him out free from you, you shall not let him go away empty:
2 Corinthians 6:12	You are not straitened in us, but you are straitened in your own bowels.
Leviticus 12:5	But if she bear a maid child, then she shall be unclean two weeks, as in her separation: and she shall continue in the blood of her purifying three score and six days.
Exodus 12:14	And this day shall be to you for a memorial; and you shall keep it a feast to the LORD throughout your generations; you shall keep it a feast by an ordinance for ever.
Matthew 20:28	Even as the Son of man came not to be ministered to, but to minister, and to give his life a ransom for many.
Daniel 4:25	That they shall drive you from men, and your dwelling shall be with the beasts of the field, and they shall make you to eat grass as oxen, and they shall wet you with the dew of heaven, and seven times shall pass over you, till you know that the most High rules in the kingdom of men, and gives it to whomsoever he will.
Deuteronomy 9:5	Not for your righteousness, or for the uprightness of your heart, do you go to possess their land: but for the wickedness of these nations the LORD your God does drive them out from before you, and that he may perform the word which the LORD swore to your fathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
Jeremiah 20:8	For since I spoke, I cried out, I cried violence and spoil; because the word of the LORD was made a reproach to me, and a derision, daily.
Judges 10:11	And the LORD said to the children of Israel, Did not I deliver you from the Egyptians, and from the Amorites, from the children of Ammon, and from the Philistines?
Proverbs 22:6	Train up a child in the way he should go: and when he is old, he will not depart from it.
Luke 14:22	And the servant said, Lord, it is done as you have commanded, and yet there is room.
Romans 7:21	I find then a law, that, when I would do good, evil is present with me.
1 Kings 20:36	Then said he to him, Because you have not obeyed the voice of the LORD, behold, as soon as you are departed from me, a lion shall slay you. And as soon as he was departed from him, a lion found him, and slew him.
Proverbs 17:8	A gift is as a precious stone in the eyes of him that has it: wherever it turns, it prospers.
Psalm 38:15	For in you, O LORD, do I hope: you will hear, O Lord my God.
Genesis 14:7	And they returned, and came to Enmishpat, which is Kadesh, and smote all the country of the Amalekites, and also the Amorites, that dwelled in Hazezontamar.
1 Kings 6:24	And five cubits was the one wing of the cherub, and five cubits the other wing of the cherub: from the uttermost part of the one wing to the uttermost part of the other were ten cubits.
John 6:32	Then Jesus said to them, Truly, truly, I say to you, Moses gave you not that bread from heaven; but my Father gives you the true bread from heaven.
Judges 14:13	But if you cannot declare it me, then shall you give me thirty sheets and thirty change of garments. And they said to him, Put forth your riddle, that we may hear it.
Jeremiah 11:21	Therefore thus said the LORD of the men of Anathoth, that seek your life, saying, Prophesy not in the name of the LORD, that you die not by our hand:
Leviticus 22:19	You shall offer at your own will a male without blemish, of the beeves, of the sheep, or of the goats.
1 Samuel 20:41	And as soon as the lad was gone, David arose out of a place toward the south, and fell on his face to the ground, and bowed himself three times: and they kissed one another, and wept one with another, until David exceeded.
Psalm 26:5	I have hated the congregation of evil doers; and will not sit with the wicked.
Joshua 8:6	(For they will come out after us) till we have drawn them from the city; for they will say, They flee before us, as at the first: therefore we will flee before them.
John 14:29	And now I have told you before it come to pass, that, when it is come to pass, you might believe.
Jeremiah 35:2	Go to the house of the Rechabites, and speak to them, and bring them into the house of the LORD, into one of the chambers, and give them wine to drink.
John 9:22	These words spoke his parents, because they feared the Jews: for the Jews had agreed already, that if any man did confess that he was Christ, he should be put out of the synagogue.
Esther 9:18	But the Jews that were at Shushan assembled together on the thirteenth day thereof, and on the fourteenth thereof; and on the fifteenth day of the same they rested, and made it a day of feasting and gladness.
Jeremiah 3:1	They say, If a man put away his wife, and she go from him, and become another man’s, shall he return to her again? shall not that land be greatly polluted? but you have played the harlot with many lovers; yet return again to me, said the LORD.
Haggai 2:10	In the four and twentieth day of the ninth month, in the second year of Darius, came the word of the LORD by Haggai the prophet, saying,
Psalm 136:13	To him which divided the Red sea into parts: for his mercy endures for ever:
Deuteronomy 4:35	To you it was showed, that you might know that the LORD he is God; there is none else beside him.
Genesis 22:24	And his concubine, whose name was Reumah, she bore also Tebah, and Gaham, and Thahash, and Maachah.
1 Samuel 18:9	And Saul eyed David from that day and forward.
John 8:46	Which of you convinces me of sin? And if I say the truth, why do you not believe me?
Acts 18:13	Saying, This fellow persuades men to worship God contrary to the law.
2 Timothy 4:8	From now on there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day: and not to me only, but to all them also that love his appearing.
2 Samuel 4:8	And they brought the head of Ishbosheth to David to Hebron, and said to the king, Behold the head of Ishbosheth the son of Saul your enemy, which sought your life; and the LORD has avenged my lord the king this day of Saul, and of his seed.
Psalm 32:10	Many sorrows shall be to the wicked: but he that trusts in the LORD, mercy shall compass him about.
2 Chronicles 32:26	Notwithstanding Hezekiah humbled himself for the pride of his heart, both he and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, so that the wrath of the LORD came not on them in the days of Hezekiah.
Psalm 75:10	All the horns of the wicked also will I cut off; but the horns of the righteous shall be exalted.
Romans 2:29	But he is a Jew, which is one inwardly; and circumcision is that of the heart, in the spirit, and not in the letter; whose praise is not of men, but of God.
Genesis 38:18	And he said, What pledge shall I give you? And she said, Your signet, and your bracelets, and your staff that is in your hand. And he gave it her, and came in to her, and she conceived by him.
Luke 16:25	But Abraham said, Son, remember that you in your lifetime received your good things, and likewise Lazarus evil things: but now he is comforted, and you are tormented.
1 Corinthians 5:13	But them that are without God judges. Therefore put away from among yourselves that wicked person.
Revelation 19:17	And I saw an angel standing in the sun; and he cried with a loud voice, saying to all the fowls that fly in the middle of heaven, Come and gather yourselves together to the supper of the great God;
Colossians 3:6	For which things’ sake the wrath of God comes on the children of disobedience:
Genesis 24:50	Then Laban and Bethuel answered and said, The thing proceeds from the LORD: we cannot speak to you bad or good.
Romans 16:21	Timotheus my workfellow, and Lucius, and Jason, and Sosipater, my kinsmen, salute you.
Job 22:9	You have sent widows away empty, and the arms of the fatherless have been broken.
Isaiah 39:3	Then came Isaiah the prophet to king Hezekiah, and said to him, What said these men? and from where came they to you? And Hezekiah said, They are come from a far country to me, even from Babylon.
Malachi 3:8	Will a man rob God? Yet you have robbed me. But you say, Wherein have we robbed you? In tithes and offerings.
1 Kings 22:12	And all the prophets prophesied so, saying, Go up to Ramothgilead, and prosper: for the LORD shall deliver it into the king’s hand.
Ezekiel 17:14	That the kingdom might be base, that it might not lift itself up, but that by keeping of his covenant it might stand.
Ezekiel 20:43	And there shall you remember your ways, and all your doings, wherein you have been defiled; and you shall loathe yourselves in your own sight for all your evils that you have committed.
Genesis 36:24	And these are the children of Zibeon; both Ajah, and Anah: this was that Anah that found the mules in the wilderness, as he fed the asses of Zibeon his father.
1 Chronicles 25:13	The sixth to Bukkiah, he, his sons, and his brothers, were twelve:
2 Samuel 15:13	And there came a messenger to David, saying, The hearts of the men of Israel are after Absalom.
Matthew 1:2	Abraham begat Isaac; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat Judas and his brothers;
2 Corinthians 12:15	And I will very gladly spend and be spent for you; though the more abundantly I love you, the less I be loved.
1 Kings 2:35	And the king put Benaiah the son of Jehoiada in his room over the host: and Zadok the priest did the king put in the room of Abiathar.
Joshua 23:2	And Joshua called for all Israel, and for their elders, and for their heads, and for their judges, and for their officers, and said to them, I am old and stricken in age:
Genesis 8:13	And it came to pass in the six hundredth and first year, in the first month, the first day of the month, the waters were dried up from off the earth: and Noah removed the covering of the ark, and looked, and, behold, the face of the ground was dry.
Acts 7:51	You stiff necked and uncircumcised in heart and ears, you do always resist the Holy Ghost: as your fathers did, so do you.
Daniel 6:9	Why king Darius signed the writing and the decree.
Numbers 13:4	And these were their names: of the tribe of Reuben, Shammua the son of Zaccur.
Psalm 18:27	For you will save the afflicted people; but will bring down high looks.
Proverbs 26:2	As the bird by wandering, as the swallow by flying, so the curse causeless shall not come.
2 Kings 10:15	And when he was departed there, he lighted on Jehonadab the son of Rechab coming to meet him: and he saluted him, and said to him, Is your heart right, as my heart is with your heart? And Jehonadab answered, It is. If it be, give me your hand. And he gave him his hand; and he took him up to him into the chariot.
Ezra 2:28	The men of Bethel and Ai, two hundred twenty and three.
Ezekiel 37:16	Moreover, you son of man, take you one stick, and write on it, For Judah, and for the children of Israel his companions: then take another stick, and write on it, For Joseph, the stick of Ephraim and for all the house of Israel his companions:
1 Samuel 16:22	And Saul sent to Jesse, saying, Let David, I pray you, stand before me; for he has found favor in my sight.
Numbers 7:9	But to the sons of Kohath he gave none: because the service of the sanctuary belonging to them was that they should bear on their shoulders.
Matthew 27:46	And about the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani? that is to say, My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?
2 Kings 11:5	And he commanded them, saying, This is the thing that you shall do; A third part of you that enter in on the sabbath shall even be keepers of the watch of the king’s house;
Jeremiah 32:4	And Zedekiah king of Judah shall not escape out of the hand of the Chaldeans, but shall surely be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon, and shall speak with him mouth to mouth, and his eyes shall behold his eyes;
Luke 21:6	As for these things which you behold, the days will come, in the which there shall not be left one stone on another, that shall not be thrown down.
2 Samuel 23:30	Benaiah the Pirathonite, Hiddai of the brooks of Gaash,
2 Corinthians 13:5	Examine yourselves, whether you be in the faith; prove your own selves. Know you not your own selves, how that Jesus Christ is in you, except you be reprobates?
1 Chronicles 6:68	And Jokmeam with her suburbs, and Bethhoron with her suburbs,
Daniel 2:21	And he changes the times and the seasons: he removes kings, and sets up kings: he gives wisdom to the wise, and knowledge to them that know understanding:
1 Chronicles 17:24	Let it even be established, that your name may be magnified for ever, saying, The LORD of hosts is the God of Israel, even a God to Israel: and let the house of David your servant be established before you.
Acts 25:2	Then the high priest and the chief of the Jews informed him against Paul, and sought him,
Psalm 81:2	Take a psalm, and bring here the tambourine, the pleasant harp with the psaltery.
Ezra 2:18	The children of Jorah, an hundred and twelve.
Exodus 31:8	And the table and his furniture, and the pure candlestick with all his furniture, and the altar of incense,
Numbers 18:10	In the most holy place shall you eat it; every male shall eat it: it shall be holy to you.
Hebrews 11:12	Therefore sprang there even of one, and him as good as dead, so many as the stars of the sky in multitude, and as the sand which is by the sea shore innumerable.
Psalm 16:9	Therefore my heart is glad, and my glory rejoices: my flesh also shall rest in hope.
Jeremiah 31:28	And it shall come to pass, that like as I have watched over them, to pluck up, and to break down, and to throw down, and to destroy, and to afflict; so will I watch over them, to build, and to plant, said the LORD.
Proverbs 23:25	Your father and your mother shall be glad, and she that bore you shall rejoice.
Galatians 3:22	But the scripture has concluded all under sin, that the promise by faith of Jesus Christ might be given to them that believe.
Isaiah 24:18	And it shall come to pass, that he who flees from the noise of the fear shall fall into the pit; and he that comes up out of the middle of the pit shall be taken in the snare: for the windows from on high are open, and the foundations of the earth do shake.
Amos 4:1	Hear this word, you cows of Bashan, that are in the mountain of Samaria, which oppress the poor, which crush the needy, which say to their masters, Bring, and let us drink.
1 Chronicles 6:27	Eliab his son, Jeroham his son, Elkanah his son.
Jeremiah 5:17	And they shall eat up your harvest, and your bread, which your sons and your daughters should eat: they shall eat up your flocks and your herds: they shall eat up your vines and your fig trees: they shall impoverish your fenced cities, wherein you trusted, with the sword.
Ezekiel 4:3	Moreover take you to you an iron pan, and set it for a wall of iron between you and the city: and set your face against it, and it shall be besieged, and you shall lay siege against it. This shall be a sign to the house of Israel.
Proverbs 30:12	There is a generation that are pure in their own eyes, and yet is not washed from their filthiness.
Hebrews 7:19	For the law made nothing perfect, but the bringing in of a better hope did; by the which we draw near to God.
Numbers 6:20	And the priest shall wave them for a wave offering before the LORD: this is holy for the priest, with the wave breast and heave shoulder: and after that the Nazarite may drink wine.
Genesis 50:6	And Pharaoh said, Go up, and bury your father, according as he made you swear.
2 Samuel 13:37	But Absalom fled, and went to Talmai, the son of Ammihud, king of Geshur. And David mourned for his son every day.
Numbers 21:21	And Israel sent messengers to Sihon king of the Amorites, saying,
2 Samuel 18:25	And the watchman cried, and told the king. And the king said, If he be alone, there is tidings in his mouth. And he came apace, and drew near.
Numbers 16:29	If these men die the common death of all men, or if they be visited after the visitation of all men; then the LORD has not sent me.
Matthew 5:46	For if you love them which love you, what reward have you? do not even the publicans the same?
Luke 14:6	And they could not answer him again to these things.
Isaiah 59:8	The way of peace they know not; and there is no judgment in their goings: they have made them crooked paths: whoever goes therein shall not know peace.
Leviticus 14:48	And if the priest shall come in, and look on it, and, behold, the plague has not spread in the house, after the house was plastered: then the priest shall pronounce the house clean, because the plague is healed.
Judges 18:17	And the five men that went to spy out the land went up, and came in thither, and took the graven image, and the ephod, and the teraphim, and the molten image: and the priest stood in the entering of the gate with the six hundred men that were appointed with weapons of war.
Luke 23:50	And, behold, there was a man named Joseph, a counselor; and he was a good man, and a just:
Lamentations 3:52	My enemies chased me sore, like a bird, without cause.
2 Kings 3:6	And king Jehoram went out of Samaria the same time, and numbered all Israel.
Exodus 38:14	The hangings of the one side of the gate were fifteen cubits; their pillars three, and their sockets three.
Genesis 30:15	And she said to her, Is it a small matter that you have taken my husband? and would you take away my son’s mandrakes also? And Rachel said, Therefore he shall lie with you to night for your son’s mandrakes.
Nehemiah 2:20	Then answered I them, and said to them, The God of heaven, he will prosper us; therefore we his servants will arise and build: but you have no portion, nor right, nor memorial, in Jerusalem.
Romans 16:23	Gaius my host, and of the whole church, salutes you. Erastus the chamberlain of the city salutes you, and Quartus a brother.
Matthew 4:2	And when he had fasted forty days and forty nights, he was afterward an hungered.
Exodus 34:29	And it came to pass, when Moses came down from mount Sinai with the two tables of testimony in Moses’ hand, when he came down from the mount, that Moses knew not that the skin of his face shone while he talked with him.
Isaiah 36:18	Beware lest Hezekiah persuade you, saying, the LORD will deliver us. Has any of the gods of the nations delivered his land out of the hand of the king of Assyria?
1 Chronicles 16:30	Fear before him, all the earth: the world also shall be stable, that it be not moved.
Mark 14:5	For it might have been sold for more than three hundred pence, and have been given to the poor. And they murmured against her.
Matthew 5:7	Blessed are the merciful: for they shall obtain mercy.
Psalm 104:5	Who laid the foundations of the earth, that it should not be removed for ever.
2 Chronicles 28:18	The Philistines also had invaded the cities of the low country, and of the south of Judah, and had taken Bethshemesh, and Ajalon, and Gederoth, and Shocho with the villages thereof, and Timnah with the villages thereof, Gimzo also and the villages thereof: and they dwelled there.
1 Samuel 12:15	But if you will not obey the voice of the LORD, but rebel against the commandment of the LORD, then shall the hand of the LORD be against you, as it was against your fathers.
Nehemiah 5:16	Yes, also I continued in the work of this wall, neither bought we any land: and all my servants were gathered thither to the work.
Matthew 21:43	Therefore say I to you, The kingdom of God shall be taken from you, and given to a nation bringing forth the fruits thereof.
1 Kings 20:6	Yet I will send my servants to you to morrow about this time, and they shall search your house, and the houses of your servants; and it shall be, that whatever is pleasant in your eyes, they shall put it in their hand, and take it away.
Ezekiel 32:12	By the swords of the mighty will I cause your multitude to fall, the terrible of the nations, all of them: and they shall spoil the pomp of Egypt, and all the multitude thereof shall be destroyed.
Jeremiah 8:22	Is there no balm in Gilead; is there no physician there? why then is not the health of the daughter of my people recovered?
1 Samuel 17:44	And the Philistine said to David, Come to me, and I will give your flesh to the fowls of the air, and to the beasts of the field.
Jeremiah 45:5	And seek you great things for yourself? seek them not: for, behold, I will bring evil on all flesh, said the LORD: but your life will I give to you for a prey in all places where you go.
Deuteronomy 30:9	And the LORD your God will make you plenteous in every work of your hand, in the fruit of your body, and in the fruit of your cattle, and in the fruit of your land, for good: for the LORD will again rejoice over you for good, as he rejoiced over your fathers:
1 Samuel 18:2	And Saul took him that day, and would let him go no more home to his father’s house.
Zechariah 1:3	Therefore say you to them, Thus said the LORD of hosts; Turn you to me, said the LORD of hosts, and I will turn to you, said the LORD of hosts.
Ecclesiastes 2:22	For what has man of all his labor, and of the vexation of his heart, wherein he has labored under the sun?
2 Kings 4:24	Then she saddled an ass, and said to her servant, Drive, and go forward; slack not your riding for me, except I bid you.
Jeremiah 8:14	Why do we sit still? assemble yourselves, and let us enter into the defended cities, and let us be silent there: for the LORD our God has put us to silence, and given us water of gall to drink, because we have sinned against the LORD.
John 6:22	The day following, when the people which stood on the other side of the sea saw that there was none other boat there, save that one into where his disciples were entered, and that Jesus went not with his disciples into the boat, but that his disciples were gone away alone;
Matthew 23:27	Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for you are like to white washed sepulchers, which indeed appear beautiful outward, but are within full of dead men’s bones, and of all uncleanness.
Joshua 4:1	And it came to pass, when all the people were clean passed over Jordan, that the LORD spoke to Joshua, saying,
Acts 2:10	Phrygia, and Pamphylia, in Egypt, and in the parts of Libya about Cyrene, and strangers of Rome, Jews and proselytes,
2 Kings 25:7	And they slew the sons of Zedekiah before his eyes, and put out the eyes of Zedekiah, and bound him with fetters of brass, and carried him to Babylon.
Luke 20:34	And Jesus answering said to them, The children of this world marry, and are given in marriage:
Psalm 56:6	They gather themselves together, they hide themselves, they mark my steps, when they wait for my soul.
Ezra 4:7	And in the days of Artaxerxes wrote Bishlam, Mithredath, Tabeel, and the rest of their companions, to Artaxerxes king of Persia; and the writing of the letter was written in the Syrian tongue, and interpreted in the Syrian tongue.
Jeremiah 17:11	As the partridge sits on eggs, and hatches them not; so he that gets riches, and not by right, shall leave them in the middle of his days, and at his end shall be a fool.
Ezekiel 47:14	And you shall inherit it, one as well as another: concerning the which I lifted up my hand to give it to your fathers: and this land shall fall to you for inheritance.
Deuteronomy 19:5	As when a man goes into the wood with his neighbor to hew wood, and his hand fetches a stroke with the ax to cut down the tree, and the head slips from the helve, and lights on his neighbor, that he die; he shall flee to one of those cities, and live:
Isaiah 49:13	Sing, O heavens; and be joyful, O earth; and break forth into singing, O mountains: for the LORD has comforted his people, and will have mercy on his afflicted.
1 Corinthians 7:20	Let every man abide in the same calling wherein he was called.
Haggai 2:12	If one bear holy flesh in the skirt of his garment, and with his skirt do touch bread, or pottage, or wine, or oil, or any meat, shall it be holy? And the priests answered and said, No.
Psalm 8:9	O LORD our Lord, how excellent is your name in all the earth!
Luke 4:41	And devils also came out of many, crying out, and saying, You are Christ the Son of God. And he rebuking them suffered them not to speak: for they knew that he was Christ.
Joshua 15:54	And Humtah, and Kirjatharba, which is Hebron, and Zior; nine cities with their villages:
Jeremiah 51:11	Make bright the arrows; gather the shields: the LORD has raised up the spirit of the kings of the Medes: for his device is against Babylon, to destroy it; because it is the vengeance of the LORD, the vengeance of his temple.
Leviticus 25:51	If there be yet many years behind, according to them he shall give again the price of his redemption out of the money that he was bought for.
Galatians 6:9	And let us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not.
Psalm 21:10	Their fruit shall you destroy from the earth, and their seed from among the children of men.
1 Kings 12:11	And now whereas my father did lade you with a heavy yoke, I will add to your yoke: my father has chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.
Judges 8:22	Then the men of Israel said to Gideon, Rule you over us, both you, and your son, and your son’s son also: for you have delivered us from the hand of Midian.
Joshua 24:25	So Joshua made a covenant with the people that day, and set them a statute and an ordinance in Shechem.
Nehemiah 7:42	The children of Harim, a thousand and seventeen.
2 Kings 14:4	However, the high places were not taken away: as yet the people did sacrifice and burnt incense on the high places.
James 2:17	Even so faith, if it has not works, is dead, being alone.
Matthew 21:23	And when he was come into the temple, the chief priests and the elders of the people came to him as he was teaching, and said, By what authority do you these things? and who gave you this authority?
Joshua 10:2	That they feared greatly, because Gibeon was a great city, as one of the royal cities, and because it was greater than Ai, and all the men thereof were mighty.
Ezekiel 1:27	And I saw as the color of amber, as the appearance of fire round about within it, from the appearance of his loins even upward, and from the appearance of his loins even downward, I saw as it were the appearance of fire, and it had brightness round about.
Deuteronomy 28:19	Cursed shall you be when you come in, and cursed shall you be when you go out.
John 7:52	They answered and said to him, Are you also of Galilee? Search, and look: for out of Galilee rises no prophet.
1 Corinthians 15:14	And if Christ be not risen, then is our preaching vain, and your faith is also vain.
Jonah 2:9	But I will sacrifice to you with the voice of thanksgiving; I will pay that that I have vowed. Salvation is of the LORD.
Isaiah 21:14	The inhabitants of the land of Tema brought water to him that was thirsty, they prevented with their bread him that fled.
Genesis 2:7	And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul.
Isaiah 50:11	Behold, all you that kindle a fire, that compass yourselves about with sparks: walk in the light of your fire, and in the sparks that you have kindled. This shall you have of my hand; you shall lie down in sorrow.
Luke 18:13	And the publican, standing afar off, would not lift up so much as his eyes to heaven, but smote on his breast, saying, God be merciful to me a sinner.
Daniel 12:11	And from the time that the daily sacrifice shall be taken away, and the abomination that makes desolate set up, there shall be a thousand two hundred and ninety days.
Isaiah 24:2	And it shall be, as with the people, so with the priest; as with the servant, so with his master; as with the maid, so with her mistress; as with the buyer, so with the seller; as with the lender, so with the borrower; as with the taker of usury, so with the giver of usury to him.
Matthew 24:31	And he shall send his angels with a great sound of a trumpet, and they shall gather together his elect from the four winds, from one end of heaven to the other.
Exodus 28:29	And Aaron shall bear the names of the children of Israel in the breastplate of judgment on his heart, when he goes in to the holy place, for a memorial before the LORD continually.
Matthew 14:28	And Peter answered him and said, Lord, if it be you, bid me come to you on the water.
Psalm 8:5	For you have made him a little lower than the angels, and have crowned him with glory and honor.
2 Kings 10:27	And they broke down the image of Baal, and broke down the house of Baal, and made it a draught house to this day.
Deuteronomy 14:5	The hart, and the roebuck, and the fallow deer, and the wild goat, and the pygarg, and the wild ox, and the chamois.
Job 27:5	God forbid that I should justify you: till I die I will not remove my integrity from me.
Daniel 5:1	Belshazzar the king made a great feast to a thousand of his lords, and drank wine before the thousand.
Jeremiah 32:22	And have given them this land, which you did swear to their fathers to give them, a land flowing with milk and honey;
John 11:14	Then said Jesus to them plainly, Lazarus is dead.
1 Chronicles 26:21	As concerning the sons of Laadan; the sons of the Gershonite Laadan, chief fathers, even of Laadan the Gershonite, were Jehieli.
Numbers 31:31	And Moses and Eleazar the priest did as the LORD commanded Moses.
Isaiah 27:13	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the great trumpet shall be blown, and they shall come which were ready to perish in the land of Assyria, and the outcasts in the land of Egypt, and shall worship the LORD in the holy mount at Jerusalem.
2 Kings 21:26	And he was buried in his sepulcher in the garden of Uzza: and Josiah his son reigned in his stead.
Matthew 18:14	Even so it is not the will of your Father which is in heaven, that one of these little ones should perish.
Genesis 42:6	And Joseph was the governor over the land, and he it was that sold to all the people of the land: and Joseph’s brothers came, and bowed down themselves before him with their faces to the earth.
1 Chronicles 1:40	The sons of Shobal; Alian, and Manahath, and Ebal, Shephi, and Onam. and the sons of Zibeon; Aiah, and Anah.
Mark 4:4	And it came to pass, as he sowed, some fell by the way side, and the fowls of the air came and devoured it up.
2 Corinthians 5:18	And all things are of God, who has reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ, and has given to us the ministry of reconciliation;
Daniel 2:40	And the fourth kingdom shall be strong as iron: for as much as iron breaks in pieces and subdues all things: and as iron that breaks all these, shall it break in pieces and bruise.
Genesis 11:32	And the days of Terah were two hundred and five years: and Terah died in Haran.
1 Chronicles 23:17	And the sons of Eliezer were, Rehabiah the chief. And Eliezer had none other sons; but the sons of Rehabiah were very many.
Matthew 19:12	For there are some eunuchs, which were so born from their mother’s womb: and there are some eunuchs, which were made eunuchs of men: and there be eunuchs, which have made themselves eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven’s sake. He that is able to receive it, let him receive it.
Job 39:8	The range of the mountains is his pasture, and he searches after every green thing.
1 Chronicles 20:2	And David took the crown of their king from off his head, and found it to weigh a talent of gold, and there were precious stones in it; and it was set on David’s head: and he brought also exceeding much spoil out of the city.
Joshua 11:13	But as for the cities that stood still in their strength, Israel burned none of them, save Hazor only; that did Joshua burn.
Acts 12:20	And Herod was highly displeased with them of Tyre and Sidon: but they came with one accord to him, and, having made Blastus the king’s chamberlain their friend, desired peace; because their country was nourished by the king’s country.
Matthew 26:18	And he said, Go into the city to such a man, and say to him, The Master said, My time is at hand; I will keep the passover at your house with my disciples.
Matthew 27:2	And when they had bound him, they led him away, and delivered him to Pontius Pilate the governor.
Genesis 24:66	And the servant told Isaac all things that he had done.
Psalm 102:16	When the LORD shall build up Zion, he shall appear in his glory.
2 Chronicles 23:6	But let none come into the house of the LORD, save the priests, and they that minister of the Levites; they shall go in, for they are holy: but all the people shall keep the watch of the LORD.
Jeremiah 25:13	And I will bring on that land all my words which I have pronounced against it, even all that is written in this book, which Jeremiah has prophesied against all the nations.
Psalm 132:1	Lord, remember David, and all his afflictions:
Jeremiah 12:16	And it shall come to pass, if they will diligently learn the ways of my people, to swear by my name, The LORD lives; as they taught my people to swear by Baal; then shall they be built in the middle of my people.
Matthew 26:72	And again he denied with an oath, I do not know the man.
1 Kings 7:33	And the work of the wheels was like the work of a chariot wheel: their axletrees, and their naves, and their felloes, and their spokes, were all molten.
Psalm 119:37	Turn away my eyes from beholding vanity; and quicken you me in your way.
Psalm 26:1	Judge me, O LORD; for I have walked in my integrity: I have trusted also in the LORD; therefore I shall not slide.
Numbers 35:26	But if the slayer shall at any time come without the border of the city of his refuge, where he was fled;
Psalm 78:5	For he established a testimony in Jacob, and appointed a law in Israel, which he commanded our fathers, that they should make them known to their children:
Exodus 34:14	For you shall worship no other god: for the LORD, whose name is Jealous, is a jealous God:
Leviticus 15:2	Speak to the children of Israel, and say to them, When any man has a running issue out of his flesh, because of his issue he is unclean.
Deuteronomy 11:20	And you shall write them on the door posts of your house, and on your gates:
Psalm 119:28	My soul melts for heaviness: strengthen you me according to your word.
Matthew 20:4	And said to them; Go you also into the vineyard, and whatever is right I will give you. And they went their way.
2 Chronicles 4:2	Also he made a molten sea of ten cubits from brim to brim, round in compass, and five cubits the height thereof; and a line of thirty cubits did compass it round about.
Job 18:18	He shall be driven from light into darkness, and chased out of the world.
Nehemiah 12:13	Of Ezra, Meshullam; of Amariah, Jehohanan;
Genesis 27:45	Until your brother’s anger turn away from you, and he forget that which you have done to him: then I will send, and fetch you from there: why should I be deprived also of you both in one day?
1 Kings 8:33	When your people Israel be smitten down before the enemy, because they have sinned against you, and shall turn again to you, and confess your name, and pray, and make supplication to you in this house:
Proverbs 17:25	A foolish son is a grief to his father, and bitterness to her that bore him.
Acts 5:8	And Peter answered to her, Tell me whether you sold the land for so much? And she said, Yes, for so much.
Psalm 51:19	Then shall you be pleased with the sacrifices of righteousness, with burnt offering and whole burnt offering: then shall they offer bullocks on your altar.
Jeremiah 38:10	Then the king commanded Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, saying, Take from hence thirty men with you, and take up Jeremiah the prophet out of the dungeon, before he die.
John 10:19	There was a division therefore again among the Jews for these sayings.
Titus 2:14	Who gave himself for us, that he might redeem us from all iniquity, and purify to himself a peculiar people, zealous of good works.
1 Chronicles 2:51	Salma the father of Bethlehem, Hareph the father of Bethgader.
Luke 3:30	Which was the son of Simeon, which was the son of Juda, which was the son of Joseph, which was the son of Jonan, which was the son of Eliakim,
1 Timothy 4:12	Let no man despise your youth; but be you an example of the believers, in word, in conversation, in charity, in spirit, in faith, in purity.
1 Chronicles 6:72	And out of the tribe of Issachar; Kedesh with her suburbs, Daberath with her suburbs,
John 21:12	Jesus said to them, Come and dine. And none of the disciples dared ask him, Who are you? knowing that it was the Lord.
1 Kings 8:58	That he may incline our hearts to him, to walk in all his ways, and to keep his commandments, and his statutes, and his judgments, which he commanded our fathers.
Isaiah 19:3	And the spirit of Egypt shall fail in the middle thereof; and I will destroy the counsel thereof: and they shall seek to the idols, and to the charmers, and to them that have familiar spirits, and to the wizards.
Matthew 21:40	When the lord therefore of the vineyard comes, what will he do to those farmers?
Hosea 12:9	And I that am the LORD your God from the land of Egypt will yet make you to dwell in tabernacles, as in the days of the solemn feast.
Proverbs 1:21	She cries in the chief place of concourse, in the openings of the gates: in the city she utters her words, saying,
Job 33:23	If there be a messenger with him, an interpreter, one among a thousand, to show to man his uprightness:
Micah 7:7	Therefore I will look to the LORD; I will wait for the God of my salvation: my God will hear me.
Genesis 15:7	And he said to him, I am the LORD that brought you out of Ur of the Chaldees, to give you this land to inherit it.
Nehemiah 5:14	Moreover from the time that I was appointed to be their governor in the land of Judah, from the twentieth year even to the two and thirtieth year of Artaxerxes the king, that is, twelve years, I and my brothers have not eaten the bread of the governor.
Acts 23:18	So he took him, and brought him to the chief captain, and said, Paul the prisoner called me to him, and prayed me to bring this young man to you, who has something to say to you.
Numbers 21:7	Therefore the people came to Moses, and said, We have sinned, for we have spoken against the LORD, and against you; pray to the LORD, that he take away the serpents from us. And Moses prayed for the people.
Joshua 8:31	As Moses the servant of the LORD commanded the children of Israel, as it is written in the book of the law of Moses, an altar of whole stones, over which no man has lift up any iron: and they offered thereon burnt offerings to the LORD, and sacrificed peace offerings.
Acts 27:4	And when we had launched from there, we sailed under Cyprus, because the winds were contrary.
Revelation 11:3	And I will give power to my two witnesses, and they shall prophesy a thousand two hundred and three score days, clothed in sackcloth.
Psalm 41:3	The LORD will strengthen him on the bed of languishing: you will make all his bed in his sickness.
Genesis 40:21	And he restored the chief butler to his butlership again; and he gave the cup into Pharaoh’s hand:
1 Chronicles 1:31	Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah. These are the sons of Ishmael.
Luke 10:42	But one thing is needful: and Mary has chosen that good part, which shall not be taken away from her.
Isaiah 8:5	The LORD spoke also to me again, saying,
Luke 20:23	But he perceived their craftiness, and said to them, Why tempt you me?
Ezekiel 33:29	Then shall they know that I am the LORD, when I have laid the land most desolate because of all their abominations which they have committed.
Proverbs 21:6	The getting of treasures by a lying tongue is a vanity tossed to and fro of them that seek death.
1 Chronicles 16:2	And when David had made an end of offering the burnt offerings and the peace offerings, he blessed the people in the name of the LORD.
Daniel 6:25	Then king Darius wrote to all people, nations, and languages, that dwell in all the earth; Peace be multiplied to you.
Acts 18:7	And he departed there, and entered into a certain man’s house, named Justus, one that worshipped God, whose house joined hard to the synagogue.
Psalm 120:2	Deliver my soul, O LORD, from lying lips, and from a deceitful tongue.
Genesis 12:7	And the LORD appeared to Abram, and said, To your seed will I give this land: and there built he an altar to the LORD, who appeared to him.
Genesis 18:4	Let a little water, I pray you, be fetched, and wash your feet, and rest yourselves under the tree:
Numbers 3:1	These also are the generations of Aaron and Moses in the day that the LORD spoke with Moses in mount Sinai.
Mark 6:49	But when they saw him walking on the sea, they supposed it had been a spirit, and cried out:
Colossians 4:17	And say to Archippus, Take heed to the ministry which you have received in the Lord, that you fulfill it.
John 14:21	He that has my commandments, and keeps them, he it is that loves me: and he that loves me shall be loved of my Father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him.
Numbers 26:47	These are the families of the sons of Asher according to those that were numbered of them; who were fifty and three thousand and four hundred.
Isaiah 31:1	Woe to them that go down to Egypt for help; and stay on horses, and trust in chariots, because they are many; and in horsemen, because they are very strong; but they look not to the Holy One of Israel, neither seek the LORD!
Job 40:8	Will you also cancel my judgment? will you condemn me, that you may be righteous?
Ezekiel 23:34	You shall even drink it and suck it out, and you shall break the shards thereof, and pluck off your own breasts: for I have spoken it, said the Lord GOD.
James 1:8	A double minded man is unstable in all his ways.
Isaiah 57:9	And you went to the king with ointment, and did increase your perfumes, and did send your messengers far off, and did debase yourself even to hell.
Ephesians 4:20	But you have not so learned Christ;
Luke 12:12	For the Holy Ghost shall teach you in the same hour what you ought to say.
Philippians 1:18	What then? notwithstanding, every way, whether in pretense, or in truth, Christ is preached; and I therein do rejoice, yes, and will rejoice.
2 Chronicles 7:15	Now my eyes shall be open, and my ears attentive to the prayer that is made in this place.
Revelation 17:6	And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints, and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus: and when I saw her, I wondered with great admiration.
Ecclesiastes 2:12	And I turned myself to behold wisdom, and madness, and folly: for what can the man do that comes after the king? even that which has been already done.
Hosea 7:1	When I would have healed Israel, then the iniquity of Ephraim was discovered, and the wickedness of Samaria: for they commit falsehood; and the thief comes in, and the troop of robbers spoils without.
Jeremiah 26:13	Therefore now amend your ways and your doings, and obey the voice of the LORD your God; and the LORD will repent him of the evil that he has pronounced against you.
2 Chronicles 28:15	And the men which were expressed by name rose up, and took the captives, and with the spoil clothed all that were naked among them, and arrayed them, and shod them, and gave them to eat and to drink, and anointed them, and carried all the feeble of them on asses, and brought them to Jericho, the city of palm trees, to their brothers: then they returned to Samaria.
1 Kings 3:21	And when I rose in the morning to give my child suck, behold, it was dead: but when I had considered it in the morning, behold, it was not my son, which I did bear.
2 Samuel 24:23	All these things did Araunah, as a king, give to the king. And Araunah said to the king, The LORD your God accept you.
Joshua 13:29	And Moses gave inheritance to the half tribe of Manasseh: and this was the possession of the half tribe of the children of Manasseh by their families.
Jeremiah 50:23	How is the hammer of the whole earth cut asunder and broken! how is Babylon become a desolation among the nations!
Proverbs 19:13	A foolish son is the calamity of his father: and the contentions of a wife are a continual dropping.
Leviticus 15:3	And this shall be his uncleanness in his issue: whether his flesh run with his issue, or his flesh be stopped from his issue, it is his uncleanness.
Genesis 18:14	Is any thing too hard for the LORD? At the time appointed I will return to you, according to the time of life, and Sarah shall have a son.
Job 14:6	Turn from him, that he may rest, till he shall accomplish, as an hireling, his day.
2 Chronicles 12:8	Nevertheless they shall be his servants; that they may know my service, and the service of the kingdoms of the countries.
Joel 2:10	The earth shall quake before them; the heavens shall tremble: the sun and the moon shall be dark, and the stars shall withdraw their shining:
Hebrews 9:27	And as it is appointed to men once to die, but after this the judgment:
Micah 7:12	In that day also he shall come even to you from Assyria, and from the fortified cities, and from the fortress even to the river, and from sea to sea, and from mountain to mountain.
2 Samuel 8:18	And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over both the Cherethites and the Pelethites; and David’s sons were chief rulers.
Genesis 42:16	Send one of you, and let him fetch your brother, and you shall be kept in prison, that your words may be proved, whether there be any truth in you: or else by the life of Pharaoh surely you are spies.
Joshua 15:5	And the east border was the salt sea, even to the end of Jordan. And their border in the north quarter was from the bay of the sea at the uttermost part of Jordan:
Leviticus 9:19	And the fat of the bullock and of the ram, the rump, and that which covers the inwards, and the kidneys, and the lobe above the liver:
1 Kings 8:64	The same day did the king hallow the middle of the court that was before the house of the LORD: for there he offered burnt offerings, and meat offerings, and the fat of the peace offerings: because the brazen altar that was before the LORD was too little to receive the burnt offerings, and meat offerings, and the fat of the peace offerings.
Daniel 4:12	The leaves thereof were fair, and the fruit thereof much, and in it was meat for all: the beasts of the field had shadow under it, and the fowls of the heaven dwelled in the boughs thereof, and all flesh was fed of it.
2 Samuel 22:3	The God of my rock; in him will I trust: he is my shield, and the horn of my salvation, my high tower, and my refuge, my savior; you save me from violence.
Isaiah 33:23	Your tacklings are loosed; they could not well strengthen their mast, they could not spread the sail: then is the prey of a great spoil divided; the lame take the prey.
1 Chronicles 23:4	Of which, twenty and four thousand were to set forward the work of the house of the LORD; and six thousand were officers and judges:
2 Samuel 19:1	And it was told Joab, Behold, the king weeps and mourns for Absalom.
2 Chronicles 23:10	And he set all the people, every man having his weapon in his hand, from the right side of the temple to the left side of the temple, along by the altar and the temple, by the king round about.
Romans 4:22	And therefore it was imputed to him for righteousness.
Judges 20:2	And the chief of all the people, even of all the tribes of Israel, presented themselves in the assembly of the people of God, four hundred thousand footmen that drew sword.
Exodus 32:29	For Moses had said, Consecrate yourselves today to the LORD, even every man on his son, and on his brother; that he may bestow on you a blessing this day.
Psalm 66:2	Sing forth the honor of his name: make his praise glorious.
Jeremiah 22:11	For thus said the LORD touching Shallum the son of Josiah king of Judah, which reigned instead of Josiah his father, which went forth out of this place; He shall not return thither any more:
2 Samuel 3:27	And when Abner was returned to Hebron, Joab took him aside in the gate to speak with him quietly, and smote him there under the fifth rib, that he died, for the blood of Asahel his brother.
Numbers 1:47	But the Levites after the tribe of their fathers were not numbered among them.
Jeremiah 32:32	Because of all the evil of the children of Israel and of the children of Judah, which they have done to provoke me to anger, they, their kings, their princes, their priests, and their prophets, and the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
Psalm 141:2	Let my prayer be set forth before you as incense; and the lifting up of my hands as the evening sacrifice.
Revelation 12:14	And to the woman were given two wings of a great eagle, that she might fly into the wilderness, into her place, where she is nourished for a time, and times, and half a time, from the face of the serpent.
Luke 14:21	So that servant came, and showed his lord these things. Then the master of the house being angry said to his servant, Go out quickly into the streets and lanes of the city, and bring in here the poor, and the maimed, and the halt, and the blind.
Deuteronomy 12:3	And you shall overthrow their altars, and break their pillars, and burn their groves with fire; and you shall hew down the graven images of their gods, and destroy the names of them out of that place.
Genesis 4:15	And the LORD said to him, Therefore whoever slays Cain, vengeance shall be taken on him sevenfold. And the LORD set a mark on Cain, lest any finding him should kill him.
1 Samuel 1:25	And they slew a bullock, and brought the child to Eli.
Ezra 2:65	Beside their servants and their maids, of whom there were seven thousand three hundred thirty and seven: and there were among them two hundred singing men and singing women.
1 Kings 14:19	And the rest of the acts of Jeroboam, how he warred, and how he reigned, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel.
Jeremiah 7:32	Therefore, behold, the days come, said the LORD, that it shall no more be called Tophet, nor the valley of the son of Hinnom, but the valley of slaughter: for they shall bury in Tophet, till there be no place.
Matthew 13:43	Then shall the righteous shine forth as the sun in the kingdom of their Father. Who has ears to hear, let him hear.
Judges 2:13	And they forsook the LORD, and served Baal and Ashtaroth.
Galatians 2:8	(For he that worked effectually in Peter to the apostleship of the circumcision, the same was mighty in me toward the Gentiles:)
2 Corinthians 13:1	This is the third time I am coming to you. In the mouth of two or three witnesses shall every word be established.
Joel 2:25	And I will restore to you the years that the locust has eaten, the cankerworm, and the caterpillar, and the palmerworm, my great army which I sent among you.
Ruth 4:1	Then went Boaz up to the gate, and sat him down there: and, behold, the kinsman of whom Boaz spoke came by; to whom he said, Ho, such a one! turn aside, sit down here. And he turned aside, and sat down.
1 Kings 20:16	And they went out at noon. But Benhadad was drinking himself drunk in the pavilions, he and the kings, the thirty and two kings that helped him.
Isaiah 28:2	Behold, the Lord has a mighty and strong one, which as a tempest of hail and a destroying storm, as a flood of mighty waters overflowing, shall cast down to the earth with the hand.
1 Thessalonians 5:17	Pray without ceasing.
1 Chronicles 4:6	And Naarah bore him Ahuzam, and Hepher, and Temeni, and Haahashtari. These were the sons of Naarah.
Proverbs 5:10	Lest strangers be filled with your wealth; and your labors be in the house of a stranger;
Deuteronomy 16:17	Every man shall give as he is able, according to the blessing of the LORD your God which he has given you.
Ezra 4:2	Then they came to Zerubbabel, and to the chief of the fathers, and said to them, Let us build with you: for we seek your God, as you do; and we do sacrifice to him since the days of Esarhaddon king of Assur, which brought us up here.
1 Chronicles 16:1	So they brought the ark of God, and set it in the middle of the tent that David had pitched for it: and they offered burnt sacrifices and peace offerings before God.
Psalm 89:47	Remember how short my time is: why have you made all men in vain?
John 15:16	You have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that you should go and bring forth fruit, and that your fruit should remain: that whatever you shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you.
Job 3:4	Let that day be darkness; let not God regard it from above, neither let the light shine on it.
Isaiah 22:5	For it is a day of trouble, and of treading down, and of perplexity by the Lord GOD of hosts in the valley of vision, breaking down the walls, and of crying to the mountains.
Exodus 36:31	And he made bars of shittim wood; five for the boards of the one side of the tabernacle,
Leviticus 21:10	And he that is the high priest among his brothers, on whose head the anointing oil was poured, and that is consecrated to put on the garments, shall not uncover his head, nor rend his clothes;
Judges 5:18	Zebulun and Naphtali were a people that risked their lives to the death in the high places of the field.
Luke 5:29	And Levi made him a great feast in his own house: and there was a great company of publicans and of others that sat down with them.
Galatians 5:2	Behold, I Paul say to you, that if you be circumcised, Christ shall profit you nothing.
Proverbs 28:24	Whoever robs his father or his mother, and said, It is no transgression; the same is the companion of a destroyer.
Daniel 1:17	As for these four children, God gave them knowledge and skill in all learning and wisdom: and Daniel had understanding in all visions and dreams.
Genesis 5:3	And Adam lived an hundred and thirty years, and begat a son in his own likeness, and after his image; and called his name Seth:
Exodus 34:8	And Moses made haste, and bowed his head toward the earth, and worshipped.
2 Chronicles 31:4	Moreover he commanded the people that dwelled in Jerusalem to give the portion of the priests and the Levites, that they might be encouraged in the law of the LORD.
James 5:4	Behold, the hire of the laborers who have reaped down your fields, which is of you kept back by fraud, cries: and the cries of them which have reaped are entered into the ears of the Lord of sabaoth.
Joshua 23:5	And the LORD your God, he shall expel them from before you, and drive them from out of your sight; and you shall possess their land, as the LORD your God has promised to you.
Nehemiah 12:26	These were in the days of Joiakim the son of Jeshua, the son of Jozadak, and in the days of Nehemiah the governor, and of Ezra the priest, the scribe.
Zechariah 5:3	Then said he to me, This is the curse that goes forth over the face of the whole earth: for every one that steals shall be cut off as on this side according to it; and every one that swears shall be cut off as on that side according to it.
1 Samuel 14:6	And Jonathan said to the young man that bore his armor, Come, and let us go over to the garrison of these uncircumcised: it may be that the LORD will work for us: for there is no restraint to the LORD to save by many or by few.
Genesis 41:39	And Pharaoh said to Joseph, For as much as God has showed you all this, there is none so discreet and wise as you are:
Isaiah 24:1	Behold, the LORD makes the earth empty, and makes it waste, and turns it upside down, and scatters abroad the inhabitants thereof.
1 Samuel 30:17	And David smote them from the twilight even to the evening of the next day: and there escaped not a man of them, save four hundred young men, which rode on camels, and fled.
Acts 27:5	And when we had sailed over the sea of Cilicia and Pamphylia, we came to Myra, a city of Lycia.
Deuteronomy 10:3	And I made an ark of shittim wood, and hewed two tables of stone like to the first, and went up into the mount, having the two tables in my hand.
2 Kings 14:25	He restored the coast of Israel from the entering of Hamath to the sea of the plain, according to the word of the LORD God of Israel, which he spoke by the hand of his servant Jonah, the son of Amittai, the prophet, which was of Gathhepher.
2 Kings 17:5	Then the king of Assyria came up throughout all the land, and went up to Samaria, and besieged it three years.
Joshua 21:43	And the LORD gave to Israel all the land which he swore to give to their fathers; and they possessed it, and dwelled therein.
Psalm 77:1	I cried to God with my voice, even to God with my voice; and he gave ear to me.
Psalm 33:10	The LORD brings the counsel of the heathen to nothing: he makes the devices of the people of none effect.
Galatians 3:12	And the law is not of faith: but, The man that does them shall live in them.
2 Kings 22:1	Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned thirty and one years in Jerusalem. And his mother’s name was Jedidah, the daughter of Adaiah of Boscath.
Malachi 3:12	And all nations shall call you blessed: for you shall be a delightsome land, said the LORD of hosts.
1 John 4:13	Hereby know we that we dwell in him, and he in us, because he has given us of his Spirit.
Daniel 2:30	But as for me, this secret is not revealed to me for any wisdom that I have more than any living, but for their sakes that shall make known the interpretation to the king, and that you might know the thoughts of your heart.
Ezekiel 18:25	Yet you say, The way of the LORD is not equal. Hear now, O house of Israel; Is not my way equal? are not your ways unequal?
Exodus 10:20	But the LORD hardened Pharaoh’s heart, so that he would not let the children of Israel go.
2 Chronicles 34:31	And the king stood in his place, and made a covenant before the LORD, to walk after the LORD, and to keep his commandments, and his testimonies, and his statutes, with all his heart, and with all his soul, to perform the words of the covenant which are written in this book.
James 2:23	And the scripture was fulfilled which said, Abraham believed God, and it was imputed to him for righteousness: and he was called the Friend of God.
2 Kings 6:11	Therefore the heart of the king of Syria was sore troubled for this thing; and he called his servants, and said to them, Will you not show me which of us is for the king of Israel?
Micah 6:12	For the rich men thereof are full of violence, and the inhabitants thereof have spoken lies, and their tongue is deceitful in their mouth.
Deuteronomy 32:45	And Moses made an end of speaking all these words to all Israel:
2 Corinthians 7:15	And his inward affection is more abundant toward you, whilst he remembers the obedience of you all, how with fear and trembling you received him.
Exodus 32:1	And when the people saw that Moses delayed to come down out of the mount, the people gathered themselves together to Aaron, and said to him, Up, make us gods, which shall go before us; for as for this Moses, the man that brought us up out of the land of Egypt, we know not what is become of him.
1 Kings 20:5	And the messengers came again, and said, Thus speaks Benhadad, saying, Although I have sent to you, saying, You shall deliver me your silver, and your gold, and your wives, and your children;
Psalm 90:2	Before the mountains were brought forth, or ever you had formed the earth and the world, even from everlasting to everlasting, you are God.
Judges 20:36	So the children of Benjamin saw that they were smitten: for the men of Israel gave place to the Benjamites, because they trusted to the liers in wait which they had set beside Gibeah.
Leviticus 19:12	And you shall not swear by my name falsely, neither shall you profane the name of your God: I am the LORD.
Job 26:9	He holds back the face of his throne, and spreads his cloud on it.
Daniel 10:3	I ate no pleasant bread, neither came flesh nor wine in my mouth, neither did I anoint myself at all, till three whole weeks were fulfilled.
Isaiah 6:5	Then said I, Woe is me! for I am undone; because I am a man of unclean lips, and I dwell in the middle of a people of unclean lips: for my eyes have seen the King, the LORD of hosts.
2 Chronicles 32:23	And many brought gifts to the LORD to Jerusalem, and presents to Hezekiah king of Judah: so that he was magnified in the sight of all nations from thereafter.
Genesis 19:19	Behold now, your servant has found grace in your sight, and you have magnified your mercy, which you have showed to me in saving my life; and I cannot escape to the mountain, lest some evil take me, and I die:
John 8:39	They answered and said to him, Abraham is our father. Jesus said to them, If you were Abraham’s children, you would do the works of Abraham.
Psalm 88:12	Shall your wonders be known in the dark? and your righteousness in the land of forgetfulness?
Exodus 24:9	Then went up Moses, and Aaron, Nadab, and Abihu, and seventy of the elders of Israel:
Mark 13:17	But woe to them that are with child, and to them that give suck in those days!
Hebrews 12:25	See that you refuse not him that speaks. For if they escaped not who refused him that spoke on earth, much more shall not we escape, if we turn away from him that speaks from heaven:
2 Thessalonians 1:11	Why also we pray always for you, that our God would count you worthy of this calling, and fulfill all the good pleasure of his goodness, and the work of faith with power:
Psalm 71:3	Be you my strong habitation, whereunto I may continually resort: you have given commandment to save me; for you are my rock and my fortress.
Psalm 76:8	You did cause judgment to be heard from heaven; the earth feared, and was still,
Leviticus 25:38	I am the LORD your God, which brought you forth out of the land of Egypt, to give you the land of Canaan, and to be your God.
2 Corinthians 7:4	Great is my boldness of speech toward you, great is my glorying of you: I am filled with comfort, I am exceeding joyful in all our tribulation.
Genesis 21:18	Arise, lift up the lad, and hold him in your hand; for I will make him a great nation.
Matthew 14:5	And when he would have put him to death, he feared the multitude, because they counted him as a prophet.
Joel 1:7	He has laid my vine waste, and barked my fig tree: he has made it clean bore, and cast it away; the branches thereof are made white.
Leviticus 8:4	And Moses did as the LORD commanded him; and the assembly was gathered together to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Joshua 15:39	Lachish, and Bozkath, and Eglon,
Isaiah 34:11	But the cormorant and the bittern shall possess it; the owl also and the raven shall dwell in it: and he shall stretch out on it the line of confusion, and the stones of emptiness.
Luke 11:39	And the Lord said to him, Now do you Pharisees make clean the outside of the cup and the platter; but your inward part is full of ravening and wickedness.
Numbers 24:3	And he took up his parable, and said, Balaam the son of Beor has said, and the man whose eyes are open has said:
Jeremiah 34:8	This is the word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD, after that the king Zedekiah had made a covenant with all the people which were at Jerusalem, to proclaim liberty to them;
Judges 9:9	But the olive tree said to them, Should I leave my fatness, with which by me they honor God and man, and go to be promoted over the trees?
Job 19:29	Be you afraid of the sword: for wrath brings the punishments of the sword, that you may know there is a judgment.
Hebrews 10:38	Now the just shall live by faith: but if any man draw back, my soul shall have no pleasure in him.
John 5:24	Truly, truly, I say to you, He that hears my word, and believes on him that sent me, has everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death to life.
2 Samuel 9:5	Then king David sent, and fetched him out of the house of Machir, the son of Ammiel, from Lodebar.
Luke 13:3	I tell you, No: but, except you repent, you shall all likewise perish.
Luke 22:5	And they were glad, and covenanted to give him money.
2 Kings 4:38	And Elisha came again to Gilgal: and there was a dearth in the land; and the sons of the prophets were sitting before him: and he said to his servant, Set on the great pot, and seethe pottage for the sons of the prophets.
Joshua 9:17	And the children of Israel journeyed, and came to their cities on the third day. Now their cities were Gibeon, and Chephirah, and Beeroth, and Kirjathjearim.
1 Kings 13:11	Now there dwelled an old prophet in Bethel; and his sons came and told him all the works that the man of God had done that day in Bethel: the words which he had spoken to the king, them they told also to their father.
Revelation 2:19	I know your works, and charity, and service, and faith, and your patience, and your works; and the last to be more than the first.
2 Samuel 20:25	And Sheva was scribe: and Zadok and Abiathar were the priests:
Proverbs 8:8	All the words of my mouth are in righteousness; there is nothing fraudulent or perverse in them.
2 Samuel 14:5	And the king said to her, What ails you? And she answered, I am indeed a widow woman, and my husband is dead.
1 Chronicles 2:2	Dan, Joseph, and Benjamin, Naphtali, Gad, and Asher.
Numbers 21:34	And the LORD said to Moses, Fear him not: for I have delivered him into your hand, and all his people, and his land; and you shall do to him as you did to Sihon king of the Amorites, which dwelled at Heshbon.
1 Chronicles 1:16	And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite.
Exodus 30:1	And you shall make an altar to burn incense on: of shittim wood shall you make it.
Genesis 46:14	And the sons of Zebulun; Sered, and Elon, and Jahleel.
Judges 17:11	And the Levite was content to dwell with the man; and the young man was to him as one of his sons.
Deuteronomy 17:13	And all the people shall hear, and fear, and do no more presumptuously.
Deuteronomy 23:18	You shall not bring the hire of a whore, or the price of a dog, into the house of the LORD your God for any vow: for even both these are abomination to the LORD your God.
Ecclesiastes 4:11	Again, if two lie together, then they have heat: but how can one be warm alone?
Ezekiel 21:27	I will overturn, overturn, overturn, it: and it shall be no more, until he come whose right it is; and I will give it him.
1 Corinthians 9:27	But I keep under my body, and bring it into subjection: lest that by any means, when I have preached to others, I myself should be a castaway.
Exodus 5:19	And the officers of the children of Israel did see that they were in evil case, after it was said, You shall not minish ought from your bricks of your daily task.
Numbers 7:51	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:
1 Peter 5:8	Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, walks about, seeking whom he may devour:
Judges 16:24	And when the people saw him, they praised their god: for they said, Our god has delivered into our hands our enemy, and the destroyer of our country, which slew many of us.
2 Samuel 11:4	And David sent messengers, and took her; and she came in to him, and he lay with her; for she was purified from her uncleanness: and she returned to her house.
Deuteronomy 6:19	To cast out all your enemies from before you, as the LORD has spoken.
2 Corinthians 2:9	For to this end also did I write, that I might know the proof of you, whether you be obedient in all things.
1 Corinthians 1:5	That in every thing you are enriched by him, in all utterance, and in all knowledge;
Genesis 10:5	By these were the isles of the Gentiles divided in their lands; every one after his tongue, after their families, in their nations.
Leviticus 14:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
2 Samuel 5:22	And the Philistines came up yet again, and spread themselves in the valley of Rephaim.
1 Corinthians 1:22	For the Jews require a sign, and the Greeks seek after wisdom:
Luke 19:45	And he went into the temple, and began to cast out them that sold therein, and them that bought;
Isaiah 6:4	And the posts of the door moved at the voice of him that cried, and the house was filled with smoke.
Ezekiel 19:7	And he knew their desolate palaces, and he laid waste their cities; and the land was desolate, and the fullness thereof, by the noise of his roaring.
Genesis 41:7	And the seven thin ears devoured the seven rank and full ears. And Pharaoh awoke, and, behold, it was a dream.
Mark 10:20	And he answered and said to him, Master, all these have I observed from my youth.
Leviticus 26:16	I also will do this to you; I will even appoint over you terror, consumption, and the burning ague, that shall consume the eyes, and cause sorrow of heart: and you shall sow your seed in vain, for your enemies shall eat it.
Isaiah 5:6	And I will lay it waste: it shall not be pruned, nor dig; but there shall come up briers and thorns: I will also command the clouds that they rain no rain on it.
2 Chronicles 27:2	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his father Uzziah did: however, he entered not into the temple of the LORD. And the people did yet corruptly.
Romans 1:24	Why God also gave them up to uncleanness through the lusts of their own hearts, to dishonor their own bodies between themselves:
Jeremiah 36:19	Then said the princes to Baruch, Go, hide you, you and Jeremiah; and let no man know where you be.
Revelation 15:7	And one of the four beasts gave to the seven angels seven golden vials full of the wrath of God, who lives for ever and ever.
Numbers 23:22	God brought them out of Egypt; he has as it were the strength of an unicorn.
Galatians 4:9	But now, after that you have known God, or rather are known of God, how turn you again to the weak and beggarly elements, whereunto you desire again to be in bondage?
James 5:19	Brothers, if any of you do err from the truth, and one convert him;
Hebrews 4:3	For we which have believed do enter into rest, as he said, As I have sworn in my wrath, if they shall enter into my rest: although the works were finished from the foundation of the world.
Colossians 2:22	Which all are to perish with the using;) after the commandments and doctrines of men?
Nehemiah 10:6	Daniel, Ginnethon, Baruch,
Amos 8:13	In that day shall the fair virgins and young men faint for thirst.
Nehemiah 10:20	Magpiash, Meshullam, Hezir,
Psalm 132:9	Let your priests be clothed with righteousness; and let your saints shout for joy.
2 Samuel 4:12	And David commanded his young men, and they slew them, and cut off their hands and their feet, and hanged them up over the pool in Hebron. But they took the head of Ishbosheth, and buried it in the sepulcher of Abner in Hebron.
Exodus 9:12	And the LORD hardened the heart of Pharaoh, and he listened not to them; as the LORD had spoken to Moses.
Ezekiel 35:15	As you did rejoice at the inheritance of the house of Israel, because it was desolate, so will I do to you: you shall be desolate, O mount Seir, and all Idumea, even all of it: and they shall know that I am the LORD.
Numbers 18:26	Thus speak to the Levites, and say to them, When you take of the children of Israel the tithes which I have given you from them for your inheritance, then you shall offer up an heave offering of it for the LORD, even a tenth part of the tithe.
1 Samuel 8:19	Nevertheless the people refused to obey the voice of Samuel; and they said, No; but we will have a king over us;
Exodus 12:9	Eat not of it raw, nor sodden at all with water, but roast with fire; his head with his legs, and with the entrails thereof.
Acts 13:49	And the word of the Lord was published throughout all the region.
Esther 7:2	And the king said again to Esther on the second day at the banquet of wine, What is your petition, queen Esther? and it shall be granted you: and what is your request? and it shall be performed, even to the half of the kingdom.
Job 41:8	Lay your hand on him, remember the battle, do no more.
1 Samuel 23:1	Then they told David, saying, Behold, the Philistines fight against Keilah, and they rob the threshing floors.
Exodus 20:24	An altar of earth you shall make to me, and shall sacrifice thereon your burnt offerings, and your peace offerings, your sheep, and your oxen: in all places where I record my name I will come to you, and I will bless you.
2 Chronicles 2:10	And, behold, I will give to your servants, the hewers that cut timber, twenty thousand measures of beaten wheat, and twenty thousand measures of barley, and twenty thousand baths of wine, and twenty thousand baths of oil.
Ezekiel 17:6	And it grew, and became a spreading vine of low stature, whose branches turned toward him, and the roots thereof were under him: so it became a vine, and brought forth branches, and shot forth sprigs.
Judges 3:1	Now these are the nations which the LORD left, to prove Israel by them, even as many of Israel as had not known all the wars of Canaan;
Isaiah 65:12	Therefore will I number you to the sword, and you shall all bow down to the slaughter: because when I called, you did not answer; when I spoke, you did not hear; but did evil before my eyes, and did choose that wherein I delighted not.
Genesis 21:15	And the water was spent in the bottle, and she cast the child under one of the shrubs.
1 Peter 4:9	Use hospitality one to another without grudging.
Deuteronomy 32:44	And Moses came and spoke all the words of this song in the ears of the people, he, and Hoshea the son of Nun.
Song of Solomon 6:9	My dove, my undefiled is but one; she is the only one of her mother, she is the choice one of her that bore her. The daughters saw her, and blessed her; yes, the queens and the concubines, and they praised her.
John 17:20	Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word;
Psalm 138:6	Though the LORD be high, yet has he respect to the lowly: but the proud he knows afar off.
Psalm 119:115	Depart from me, you evildoers: for I will keep the commandments of my God.
Isaiah 9:17	Therefore the LORD shall have no joy in their young men, neither shall have mercy on their fatherless and widows: for every one is an hypocrite and an evildoer, and every mouth speaks folly. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still.
Nehemiah 13:18	Did not your fathers thus, and did not our God bring all this evil on us, and on this city? yet you bring more wrath on Israel by profaning the sabbath.
2 Samuel 3:28	And afterward when David heard it, he said, I and my kingdom are guiltless before the LORD for ever from the blood of Abner the son of Ner:
Ezekiel 17:13	And has taken of the king’s seed, and made a covenant with him, and has taken an oath of him: he has also taken the mighty of the land:
Mark 9:48	Where their worm dies not, and the fire is not quenched.
Joshua 22:10	And when they came to the borders of Jordan, that are in the land of Canaan, the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh built there an altar by Jordan, a great altar to see to.
Ezekiel 24:21	Speak to the house of Israel, Thus said the Lord GOD; Behold, I will profane my sanctuary, the excellency of your strength, the desire of your eyes, and that which your soul pities; and your sons and your daughters whom you have left shall fall by the sword.
1 Chronicles 6:19	The sons of Merari; Mahli, and Mushi. And these are the families of the Levites according to their fathers.
John 19:16	Then delivered he him therefore to them to be crucified. And they took Jesus, and led him away.
Mark 12:11	This was the Lord’s doing, and it is marvelous in our eyes?
Leviticus 11:20	All fowls that creep, going on all four, shall be an abomination to you.
Psalm 88:11	Shall your loving kindness be declared in the grave? or your faithfulness in destruction?
Acts 3:21	Whom the heaven must receive until the times of restitution of all things, which God has spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began.
Deuteronomy 29:26	For they went and served other gods, and worshipped them, gods whom they knew not, and whom he had not given to them:
Esther 9:13	Then said Esther, If it please the king, let it be granted to the Jews which are in Shushan to do to morrow also according to this day’s decree, and let Haman’s ten sons be hanged on the gallows.
John 11:22	But I know, that even now, whatever you will ask of God, God will give it you.
Job 33:13	Why do you strive against him? for he gives not account of any of his matters.
1 Chronicles 25:26	The nineteenth to Mallothi, he, his sons, and his brothers, were twelve:
2 Samuel 7:12	And when your days be fulfilled, and you shall sleep with your fathers, I will set up your seed after you, which shall proceed out of your bowels, and I will establish his kingdom.
Jeremiah 1:14	Then the LORD said to me, Out of the north an evil shall break forth on all the inhabitants of the land.
Ezekiel 45:21	In the first month, in the fourteenth day of the month, you shall have the passover, a feast of seven days; unleavened bread shall be eaten.
Genesis 11:22	And Serug lived thirty years, and begat Nahor:
Ezekiel 17:23	In the mountain of the height of Israel will I plant it: and it shall bring forth boughs, and bear fruit, and be a goodly cedar: and under it shall dwell all fowl of every wing; in the shadow of the branches thereof shall they dwell.
Genesis 11:20	And Reu lived two and thirty years, and begat Serug:
Psalm 9:20	Put them in fear, O LORD: that the nations may know themselves to be but men. Selah.
Isaiah 16:4	Let my outcasts dwell with you, Moab; be you a covert to them from the face of the spoiler: for the extortionist is at an end, the spoiler ceases, the oppressors are consumed out of the land.
Jeremiah 23:16	Thus said the LORD of hosts, Listen not to the words of the prophets that prophesy to you: they make you vain: they speak a vision of their own heart, and not out of the mouth of the LORD.
Luke 12:44	Of a truth I say to you, that he will make him ruler over all that he has.
Leviticus 13:12	And if a leprosy break out abroad in the skin, and the leprosy cover all the skin of him that has the plague from his head even to his foot, wherever the priest looks;
Jeremiah 40:4	And now, behold, I loose you this day from the chains which were on your hand. If it seem good to you to come with me into Babylon, come; and I will look well to you: but if it seem ill to you to come with me into Babylon, forbear: behold, all the land is before you: where it seems good and convenient for you to go, thither go.
Ruth 3:9	And he said, Who are you? And she answered, I am Ruth your handmaid: spread therefore your skirt over your handmaid; for you are a near kinsman.
Matthew 4:18	And Jesus, walking by the sea of Galilee, saw two brothers, Simon called Peter, and Andrew his brother, casting a net into the sea: for they were fishers.
2 Chronicles 18:13	And Micaiah said, As the LORD lives, even what my God said, that will I speak.
John 7:10	But when his brothers were gone up, then went he also up to the feast, not openly, but as it were in secret.
Philippians 2:19	But I trust in the Lord Jesus to send Timotheus shortly to you, that I also may be of good comfort, when I know your state.
James 2:5	Listen, my beloved brothers, Has not God chosen the poor of this world rich in faith, and heirs of the kingdom which he has promised to them that love him?
1 Samuel 15:22	And Samuel said, Has the LORD as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices, as in obeying the voice of the LORD? Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice, and to listen than the fat of rams.
Amos 6:12	Shall horses run on the rock? will one plow there with oxen? for you have turned judgment into gall, and the fruit of righteousness into hemlock:
1 Samuel 25:4	And David heard in the wilderness that Nabal did shear his sheep.
1 Chronicles 9:9	And their brothers, according to their generations, nine hundred and fifty and six. All these men were chief of the fathers in the house of their fathers.
Zechariah 11:2	Howl, fir tree; for the cedar is fallen; because the mighty are spoiled: howl, O you oaks of Bashan; for the forest of the vintage is come down.
Ezekiel 44:1	Then he brought me back the way of the gate of the outward sanctuary which looks toward the east; and it was shut.
Romans 13:2	Whoever therefore resists the power, resists the ordinance of God: and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation.
Deuteronomy 14:27	And the Levite that is within your gates; you shall not forsake him; for he has no part nor inheritance with you.
Psalm 4:3	But know that the LORD has set apart him that is godly for himself: the LORD will hear when I call to him.
Psalm 25:8	Good and upright is the LORD: therefore will he teach sinners in the way.
Ezekiel 12:23	Tell them therefore, Thus said the Lord GOD; I will make this proverb to cease, and they shall no more use it as a proverb in Israel; but say to them, The days are at hand, and the effect of every vision.
Acts 13:32	And we declare to you glad tidings, how that the promise which was made to the fathers,
Psalm 44:5	Through you will we push down our enemies: through your name will we tread them under that rise up against us.
Numbers 28:14	And their drink offerings shall be half an hin of wine to a bullock, and the third part of an hin to a ram, and a fourth part of an hin to a lamb: this is the burnt offering of every month throughout the months of the year.
Psalm 105:1	O give thanks to the LORD; call on his name: make known his deeds among the people.
Ezra 7:10	For Ezra had prepared his heart to seek the law of the LORD, and to do it, and to teach in Israel statutes and judgments.
Psalm 55:13	But it was you, a man my equal, my guide, and my acquaintance.
1 Kings 3:8	And your servant is in the middle of your people which you have chosen, a great people, that cannot be numbered nor counted for multitude.
Nehemiah 8:12	And all the people went their way to eat, and to drink, and to send portions, and to make great mirth, because they had understood the words that were declared to them.
Joshua 7:13	Up, sanctify the people, and say, Sanctify yourselves against to morrow: for thus said the LORD God of Israel, There is an accursed thing in the middle of you, O Israel: you can not stand before your enemies, until you take away the accursed thing from among you.
Jeremiah 23:9	My heart within me is broken because of the prophets; all my bones shake; I am like a drunken man, and like a man whom wine has overcome, because of the LORD, and because of the words of his holiness.
Genesis 44:26	And we said, We cannot go down: if our youngest brother be with us, then will we go down: for we may not see the man’s face, except our youngest brother be with us.
Ezekiel 27:13	Javan, Tubal, and Meshech, they were your merchants: they traded the persons of men and vessels of brass in your market.
1 Chronicles 27:17	Of the Levites, Hashabiah the son of Kemuel: of the Aaronites, Zadok:
Ezekiel 28:14	You are the anointed cherub that covers; and I have set you so: you were on the holy mountain of God; you have walked up and down in the middle of the stones of fire.
Exodus 18:13	And it came to pass on the morrow, that Moses sat to judge the people: and the people stood by Moses from the morning to the evening.
Psalm 118:24	This is the day which the LORD has made; we will rejoice and be glad in it.
Genesis 38:12	And in process of time the daughter of Shuah Judah’s wife died; and Judah was comforted, and went up to his sheep shearers to Timnath, he and his friend Hirah the Adullamite.
Numbers 12:8	With him will I speak mouth to mouth, even apparently, and not in dark speeches; and the similitude of the LORD shall he behold: why then were you not afraid to speak against my servant Moses?
Jeremiah 11:16	The LORD called your name, A green olive tree, fair, and of goodly fruit: with the noise of a great tumult he has kindled fire on it, and the branches of it are broken.
1 Samuel 7:5	And Samuel said, Gather all Israel to Mizpeh, and I will pray for you to the LORD.
Ezekiel 36:38	As the holy flock, as the flock of Jerusalem in her solemn feasts; so shall the waste cities be filled with flocks of men: and they shall know that I am the LORD.
Leviticus 27:29	None devoted, which shall be devoted of men, shall be redeemed; but shall surely be put to death.
Nehemiah 12:1	Now these are the priests and the Levites that went up with Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua: Seraiah, Jeremiah, Ezra,
Psalm 119:94	I am yours, save me: for I have sought your precepts.
2 Kings 21:9	But they listened not: and Manasseh seduced them to do more evil than did the nations whom the LORD destroyed before the children of Israel.
Genesis 41:32	And for that the dream was doubled to Pharaoh twice; it is because the thing is established by God, and God will shortly bring it to pass.
1 John 3:11	For this is the message that you heard from the beginning, that we should love one another.
1 Kings 7:9	All these were of costly stones, according to the measures of hewed stones, sawed with saws, within and without, even from the foundation to the coping, and so on the outside toward the great court.
Exodus 20:14	You shall not commit adultery.
Revelation 22:20	He which testifies these things said, Surely I come quickly. Amen. Even so, come, Lord Jesus.
Job 39:17	Because God has deprived her of wisdom, neither has he imparted to her understanding.
2 Thessalonians 2:6	And now you know what withholds that he might be revealed in his time.
Song of Solomon 1:3	Because of the smell of your good ointments your name is as ointment poured forth, therefore do the virgins love you.
Jeremiah 50:9	For, see, I will raise and cause to come up against Babylon an assembly of great nations from the north country: and they shall set themselves in array against her; from there she shall be taken: their arrows shall be as of a mighty expert man; none shall return in vain.
Joshua 13:32	These are the countries which Moses did distribute for inheritance in the plains of Moab, on the other side Jordan, by Jericho, eastward.
1 Chronicles 15:12	And said to them, You are the chief of the fathers of the Levites: sanctify yourselves, both you and your brothers, that you may bring up the ark of the LORD God of Israel to the place that I have prepared for it.
Job 13:3	Surely I would speak to the Almighty, and I desire to reason with God.
2 Kings 6:16	And he answered, Fear not: for they that be with us are more than they that be with them.
Acts 6:4	But we will give ourselves continually to prayer, and to the ministry of the word.
2 Kings 16:18	And the covert for the sabbath that they had built in the house, and the king’s entry without, turned he from the house of the LORD for the king of Assyria.
Ezekiel 22:12	In you have they taken gifts to shed blood; you have taken usury and increase, and you have greedily gained of your neighbors by extortion, and have forgotten me, said the Lord GOD.
2 Chronicles 9:12	And king Solomon gave to the queen of Sheba all her desire, whatever she asked, beside that which she had brought to the king. So she turned, and went away to her own land, she and her servants.
Hosea 2:19	And I will betroth you to me for ever; yes, I will betroth you to me in righteousness, and in judgment, and in loving kindness, and in mercies.
Genesis 12:19	Why said you, She is my sister? so I might have taken her to me to wife: now therefore behold your wife, take her, and go your way.
Psalm 81:9	There shall no strange god be in you; neither shall you worship any strange god.
Mark 13:19	For in those days shall be affliction, such as was not from the beginning of the creation which God created to this time, neither shall be.
Ezekiel 41:10	And between the chambers was the wideness of twenty cubits round about the house on every side.
Exodus 12:8	And they shall eat the flesh in that night, roast with fire, and unleavened bread; and with bitter herbs they shall eat it.
Joshua 1:2	Moses my servant is dead; now therefore arise, go over this Jordan, you, and all this people, to the land which I do give to them, even to the children of Israel.
1 Corinthians 3:5	Who then is Paul, and who is Apollos, but ministers by whom you believed, even as the Lord gave to every man?
1 Chronicles 26:22	The sons of Jehieli; Zetham, and Joel his brother, which were over the treasures of the house of the LORD.
Ezekiel 24:26	That he that escapes in that day shall come to you, to cause you to hear it with your ears?
Genesis 25:15	Hadar, and Tema, Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah:
Luke 19:20	And another came, saying, Lord, behold, here is your pound, which I have kept laid up in a napkin:
John 16:30	Now are we sure that you know all things, and need not that any man should ask you: by this we believe that you came forth from God.
2 Samuel 3:12	And Abner sent messengers to David on his behalf, saying, Whose is the land? saying also, Make your league with me, and, behold, my hand shall be with you, to bring about all Israel to you.
Psalm 86:14	O God, the proud are risen against me, and the assemblies of violent men have sought after my soul; and have not set you before them.
John 20:18	Mary Magdalene came and told the disciples that she had seen the LORD, and that he had spoken these things to her.
Genesis 30:35	And he removed that day the he goats that were ringstraked and spotted, and all the she goats that were speckled and spotted, and every one that had some white in it, and all the brown among the sheep, and gave them into the hand of his sons.
Psalm 89:28	My mercy will I keep for him for ever more, and my covenant shall stand fast with him.
Genesis 24:37	And my master made me swear, saying, You shall not take a wife to my son of the daughters of the Canaanites, in whose land I dwell:
Acts 21:6	And when we had taken our leave one of another, we took ship; and they returned home again.
Exodus 26:2	The length of one curtain shall be eight and twenty cubits, and the breadth of one curtain four cubits: and every one of the curtains shall have one measure.
Deuteronomy 10:20	You shall fear the LORD your God; him shall you serve, and to him shall you hold, and swear by his name.
Jeremiah 6:21	Therefore thus said the LORD, Behold, I will lay stumbling blocks before this people, and the fathers and the sons together shall fall on them; the neighbor and his friend shall perish.
Exodus 39:7	And he put them on the shoulders of the ephod, that they should be stones for a memorial to the children of Israel; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Genesis 48:11	And Israel said to Joseph, I had not thought to see your face: and, see, God has showed me also your seed.
2 Kings 10:22	And he said to him that was over the vestry, Bring forth vestments for all the worshippers of Baal. And he brought them forth vestments.
Proverbs 6:28	Can one go on hot coals, and his feet not be burned?
2 Kings 20:8	And Hezekiah said to Isaiah, What shall be the sign that the LORD will heal me, and that I shall go up into the house of the LORD the third day?
Isaiah 11:13	The envy also of Ephraim shall depart, and the adversaries of Judah shall be cut off: Ephraim shall not envy Judah, and Judah shall not vex Ephraim.
Joshua 20:1	The LORD also spoke to Joshua, saying,
Luke 13:20	And again he said, Whereunto shall I liken the kingdom of God?
Job 11:8	It is as high as heaven; what can you do? deeper than hell; what can you know?
John 5:46	For had you believed Moses, you would have believed me; for he wrote of me.
Hebrews 11:34	Quenched the violence of fire, escaped the edge of the sword, out of weakness were made strong, waxed valiant in fight, turned to flight the armies of the aliens.
Jeremiah 37:21	Then Zedekiah the king commanded that they should commit Jeremiah into the court of the prison, and that they should give him daily a piece of bread out of the bakers’ street, until all the bread in the city were spent. Thus Jeremiah remained in the court of the prison.
Colossians 2:12	Buried with him in baptism, wherein also you are risen with him through the faith of the operation of God, who has raised him from the dead.
Luke 21:7	And they asked him, saying, Master, but when shall these things be? and what sign will there be when these things shall come to pass?
Job 20:11	His bones are full of the sin of his youth, which shall lie down with him in the dust.
Revelation 7:14	And I said to him, Sir, you know. And he said to me, These are they which came out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes, and made them white in the blood of the Lamb.
1 Chronicles 6:69	And Aijalon with her suburbs, and Gathrimmon with her suburbs:
Leviticus 20:20	And if a man shall lie with his uncle’s wife, he has uncovered his uncle’s nakedness: they shall bear their sin; they shall die childless.
Mark 16:13	And they went and told it to the residue: neither believed they them.
Proverbs 28:18	Whoever walks uprightly shall be saved: but he that is perverse in his ways shall fall at once.
Hebrews 12:17	For you know how that afterward, when he would have inherited the blessing, he was rejected: for he found no place of repentance, though he sought it carefully with tears.
Proverbs 7:19	For the manager is not at home, he is gone a long journey:
Habakkuk 3:5	Before him went the pestilence, and burning coals went forth at his feet.
Isaiah 37:16	O LORD of hosts, God of Israel, that dwell between the cherubim, you are the God, even you alone, of all the kingdoms of the earth: you have made heaven and earth.
Numbers 18:16	And those that are to be redeemed from a month old shall you redeem, according to your estimation, for the money of five shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary, which is twenty gerahs.
Acts 3:14	But you denied the Holy One and the Just, and desired a murderer to be granted to you;
Job 8:14	Whose hope shall be cut off, and whose trust shall be a spider’s web.
2 Chronicles 17:12	And Jehoshaphat waxed great exceedingly; and he built in Judah castles, and cities of store.
2 Chronicles 13:10	But as for us, the LORD is our God, and we have not forsaken him; and the priests, which minister to the LORD, are the sons of Aaron, and the Levites wait on their business:
Proverbs 4:6	Forsake her not, and she shall preserve you: love her, and she shall keep you.
Hebrews 4:5	And in this place again, If they shall enter into my rest.
Leviticus 12:8	And if she be not able to bring a lamb, then she shall bring two turtles, or two young pigeons; the one for the burnt offering, and the other for a sin offering: and the priest shall make an atonement for her, and she shall be clean.
Ephesians 4:22	That you put off concerning the former conversation the old man, which is corrupt according to the deceitful lusts;
Deuteronomy 1:46	So you stayed in Kadesh many days, according to the days that you stayed there.
1 Samuel 26:14	And David cried to the people, and to Abner the son of Ner, saying, Answer you not, Abner? Then Abner answered and said, Who are you that cry to the king?
Genesis 17:1	And when Abram was ninety years old and nine, the LORD appeared to Abram, and said to him, I am the Almighty God; walk before me, and be you perfect.
1 Kings 4:24	For he had dominion over all the region on this side the river, from Tiphsah even to Azzah, over all the kings on this side the river: and he had peace on all sides round about him.
Isaiah 34:15	There shall the great owl make her nest, and lay, and hatch, and gather under her shadow: there shall the vultures also be gathered, every one with her mate.
2 Samuel 10:6	And when the children of Ammon saw that they stank before David, the children of Ammon sent and hired the Syrians of Bethrehob and the Syrians of Zoba, twenty thousand footmen, and of king Maacah a thousand men, and of Ishtob twelve thousand men.
Matthew 11:26	Even so, Father: for so it seemed good in your sight.
Ezra 10:7	And they made proclamation throughout Judah and Jerusalem to all the children of the captivity, that they should gather themselves together to Jerusalem;
Matthew 18:34	And his lord was wroth, and delivered him to the tormentors, till he should pay all that was due to him.
Acts 4:14	And beholding the man which was healed standing with them, they could say nothing against it.
Deuteronomy 28:9	The LORD shall establish you an holy people to himself, as he has sworn to you, if you shall keep the commandments of the LORD your God, and walk in his ways.
2 Kings 18:18	And when they had called to the king, there came out to them Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, which was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah the son of Asaph the recorder.
2 Kings 23:25	And like to him was there no king before him, that turned to the LORD with all his heart, and with all his soul, and with all his might, according to all the law of Moses; neither after him arose there any like him.
Nehemiah 7:13	The children of Zattu, eight hundred forty and five.
2 Kings 14:16	And Jehoash slept with his fathers, and was buried in Samaria with the kings of Israel; and Jeroboam his son reigned in his stead.
2 Chronicles 32:17	He wrote also letters to rail on the LORD God of Israel, and to speak against him, saying, As the gods of the nations of other lands have not delivered their people out of my hand, so shall not the God of Hezekiah deliver his people out of my hand.
Ezra 5:14	And the vessels also of gold and silver of the house of God, which Nebuchadnezzar took out of the temple that was in Jerusalem, and brought them into the temple of Babylon, those did Cyrus the king take out of the temple of Babylon, and they were delivered to one, whose name was Sheshbazzar, whom he had made governor;
Jeremiah 48:36	Therefore my heart shall sound for Moab like pipes, and my heart shall sound like pipes for the men of Kirheres: because the riches that he has gotten are perished.
Micah 7:18	Who is a God like to you, that pardons iniquity, and passes by the transgression of the remnant of his heritage? he retains not his anger for ever, because he delights in mercy.
Deuteronomy 29:17	And you have seen their abominations, and their idols, wood and stone, silver and gold, which were among them:)
Nehemiah 13:4	And before this, Eliashib the priest, having the oversight of the chamber of the house of our God, was allied to Tobiah:
Joshua 8:11	And all the people, even the people of war that were with him, went up, and drew near, and came before the city, and pitched on the north side of Ai: now there was a valley between them and Ai.
Luke 22:67	Are you the Christ? tell us. And he said to them, If I tell you, you will not believe:
1 Kings 5:14	And he sent them to Lebanon, ten thousand a month by courses: a month they were in Lebanon, and two months at home: and Adoniram was over the levy.
Genesis 11:29	And Abram and Nahor took them wives: the name of Abram’s wife was Sarai; and the name of Nahor’s wife, Milcah, the daughter of Haran, the father of Milcah, and the father of Iscah.
1 Samuel 1:26	And she said, Oh my lord, as your soul lives, my lord, I am the woman that stood by you here, praying to the LORD.
Ezekiel 1:12	And they went every one straight forward: where the spirit was to go, they went; and they turned not when they went.
Psalm 85:10	Mercy and truth are met together; righteousness and peace have kissed each other.
Leviticus 16:16	And he shall make an atonement for the holy place, because of the uncleanness of the children of Israel, and because of their transgressions in all their sins: and so shall he do for the tabernacle of the congregation, that remains among them in the middle of their uncleanness.
1 Corinthians 9:26	I therefore so run, not as uncertainly; so fight I, not as one that beats the air:
Isaiah 55:8	For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, said the LORD.
Ecclesiastes 8:9	All this have I seen, and applied my heart to every work that is done under the sun: there is a time wherein one man rules over another to his own hurt.
Proverbs 3:28	Say not to your neighbor, Go, and come again, and to morrow I will give; when you have it by you.
Matthew 13:4	And when he sowed, some seeds fell by the way side, and the fowls came and devoured them up:
Romans 8:33	Who shall lay any thing to the charge of God’s elect? It is God that justifies.
Amos 6:14	But, behold, I will raise up against you a nation, O house of Israel, said the LORD the God of hosts; and they shall afflict you from the entering in of Hemath to the river of the wilderness.
Exodus 12:3	Speak you to all the congregation of Israel, saying, In the tenth day of this month they shall take to them every man a lamb, according to the house of their fathers, a lamb for an house:
1 Chronicles 16:25	For great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised: he also is to be feared above all gods.
Amos 7:5	Then said I, O Lord GOD, cease, I beseech you: by whom shall Jacob arise? for he is small.
Romans 8:27	And he that searches the hearts knows what is the mind of the Spirit, because he makes intercession for the saints according to the will of God.
Numbers 28:28	And their meat offering of flour mingled with oil, three tenth deals to one bullock, two tenth deals to one ram,
Ezekiel 20:26	And I polluted them in their own gifts, in that they caused to pass through the fire all that opens the womb, that I might make them desolate, to the end that they might know that I am the LORD.
Job 3:8	Let them curse it that curse the day, who are ready to raise up their mourning.
Psalm 147:5	Great is our Lord, and of great power: his understanding is infinite.
Acts 15:16	After this I will return, and will build again the tabernacle of David, which is fallen down; and I will build again the ruins thereof, and I will set it up:
Leviticus 3:4	And the two kidneys, and the fat that is on them, which is by the flanks, and the lobe above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take away.
John 7:23	If a man on the sabbath day receive circumcision, that the law of Moses should not be broken; are you angry at me, because I have made a man every whit whole on the sabbath day?
Leviticus 13:50	And the priest shall look on the plague, and shut up it that has the plague seven days:
Revelation 10:6	And swore by him that lives for ever and ever, who created heaven, and the things that therein are, and the earth, and the things that therein are, and the sea, and the things which are therein, that there should be time no longer:
Mark 4:33	And with many such parables spoke he the word to them, as they were able to hear it.
Deuteronomy 27:18	Cursed be he that makes the blind to wander out of the way. And all the people shall say, Amen.
1 Samuel 3:16	Then Eli called Samuel, and said, Samuel, my son. And he answered, Here am I.
Genesis 21:12	And God said to Abraham, Let it not be grievous in your sight because of the lad, and because of your female slave; in all that Sarah has said to you, listen to her voice; for in Isaac shall your seed be called.
Ezekiel 30:18	At Tehaphnehes also the day shall be darkened, when I shall break there the yokes of Egypt: and the pomp of her strength shall cease in her: as for her, a cloud shall cover her, and her daughters shall go into captivity.
Philippians 4:3	And I entreat you also, true yoke fellow, help those women which labored with me in the gospel, with Clement also, and with other my fellow laborers, whose names are in the book of life.
Psalm 109:14	Let the iniquity of his fathers be remembered with the LORD; and let not the sin of his mother be blotted out.
Numbers 31:33	And three score and twelve thousand beeves,
Genesis 31:23	And he took his brothers with him, and pursued after him seven days’ journey; and they overtook him in the mount Gilead.
Psalm 83:5	For they have consulted together with one consent: they are confederate against you:
Matthew 13:22	He also that received seed among the thorns is he that hears the word; and the care of this world, and the deceitfulness of riches, choke the word, and he becomes unfruitful.
1 Kings 8:35	When heaven is shut up, and there is no rain, because they have sinned against you; if they pray toward this place, and confess your name, and turn from their sin, when you afflict them:
Matthew 12:45	Then goes he, and takes with himself seven other spirits more wicked than himself, and they enter in and dwell there: and the last state of that man is worse than the first. Even so shall it be also to this wicked generation.
Ezekiel 36:4	Therefore, you mountains of Israel, hear the word of the Lord GOD; Thus said the Lord GOD to the mountains, and to the hills, to the rivers, and to the valleys, to the desolate wastes, and to the cities that are forsaken, which became a prey and derision to the residue of the heathen that are round about;
Song of Solomon 3:11	Go forth, O you daughters of Zion, and behold king Solomon with the crown with which his mother crowned him in the day of his espousals, and in the day of the gladness of his heart.
1 Chronicles 1:45	And when Jobab was dead, Husham of the land of the Temanites reigned in his stead.
1 Kings 2:3	And keep the charge of the LORD your God, to walk in his ways, to keep his statutes, and his commandments, and his judgments, and his testimonies, as it is written in the law of Moses, that you may prosper in all that you do, and wherever you turn yourself:
Genesis 24:44	And she say to me, Both drink you, and I will also draw for your camels: let the same be the woman whom the LORD has appointed out for my master’s son.
John 10:35	If he called them gods, to whom the word of God came, and the scripture cannot be broken;
Hebrews 11:23	By faith Moses, when he was born, was hid three months of his parents, because they saw he was a proper child; and they were not afraid of the king’s commandment.
Psalm 115:15	You are blessed of the LORD which made heaven and earth.
Leviticus 7:28	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Proverbs 2:6	For the LORD gives wisdom: out of his mouth comes knowledge and understanding.
Hebrews 1:14	Are they not all ministering spirits, sent forth to minister for them who shall be heirs of salvation?
Acts 20:37	And they all wept sore, and fell on Paul’s neck, and kissed him,
Acts 15:37	And Barnabas determined to take with them John, whose surname was Mark.
Ezekiel 45:4	The holy portion of the land shall be for the priests the ministers of the sanctuary, which shall come near to minister to the LORD: and it shall be a place for their houses, and an holy place for the sanctuary.
Jeremiah 4:27	For thus has the LORD said, The whole land shall be desolate; yet will I not make a full end.
Judges 1:1	Now after the death of Joshua it came to pass, that the children of Israel asked the LORD, saying, Who shall go up for us against the Canaanites first, to fight against them?
John 8:23	And he said to them, You are from beneath; I am from above: you are of this world; I am not of this world.
Matthew 19:27	Then answered Peter and said to him, Behold, we have forsaken all, and followed you; what shall we have therefore?
Luke 19:28	And when he had thus spoken, he went before, ascending up to Jerusalem.
Daniel 2:32	This image’s head was of fine gold, his breast and his arms of silver, his belly and his thighs of brass,
Isaiah 10:25	For yet a very little while, and the indignation shall cease, and my anger in their destruction.
Psalm 94:12	Blessed is the man whom you chasten, O LORD, and teach him out of your law;
1 Samuel 26:1	And the Ziphites came to Saul to Gibeah, saying, Does not David hide himself in the hill of Hachilah, which is before Jeshimon?
1 Samuel 14:4	And between the passages, by which Jonathan sought to go over to the Philistines’ garrison, there was a sharp rock on the one side, and a sharp rock on the other side: and the name of the one was Bozez, and the name of the other Seneh.
Psalm 119:25	My soul sticks to the dust: quicken you me according to your word.
Job 31:15	Did not he that made me in the womb make him? and did not one fashion us in the womb?
Genesis 36:37	And Samlah died, and Saul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead.
Acts 28:5	And he shook off the beast into the fire, and felt no harm.
Matthew 24:11	And many false prophets shall rise, and shall deceive many.
Joshua 18:26	And Mizpeh, and Chephirah, and Mozah,
Psalm 94:2	Lift up yourself, you judge of the earth: render a reward to the proud.
Judges 13:5	For, see, you shall conceive, and bear a son; and no razor shall come on his head: for the child shall be a Nazarite to God from the womb: and he shall begin to deliver Israel out of the hand of the Philistines.
Deuteronomy 5:7	You shall have none other gods before me.
Psalm 31:11	I was a reproach among all my enemies, but especially among my neighbors, and a fear to my acquaintance: they that did see me without fled from me.
2 Chronicles 29:13	And of the sons of Elizaphan; Shimri, and Jeiel: and of the sons of Asaph; Zechariah, and Mattaniah:
Matthew 1:7	And Solomon begat Roboam; and Roboam begat Abia; and Abia begat Asa;
Genesis 1:10	And God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called he Seas: and God saw that it was good.
Daniel 7:15	I Daniel was grieved in my spirit in the middle of my body, and the visions of my head troubled me.
2 Timothy 2:7	Consider what I say; and the Lord give you understanding in all things.
Daniel 5:3	Then they brought the golden vessels that were taken out of the temple of the house of God which was at Jerusalem; and the king, and his princes, his wives, and his concubines, drank in them.
2 Chronicles 35:1	Moreover Josiah kept a passover to the LORD in Jerusalem: and they killed the passover on the fourteenth day of the first month.
Psalm 71:9	Cast me not off in the time of old age; forsake me not when my strength fails.
1 Chronicles 4:37	And Ziza the son of Shiphi, the son of Allon, the son of Jedaiah, the son of Shimri, the son of Shemaiah;
Job 31:26	If I beheld the sun when it shined, or the moon walking in brightness;
Job 41:13	Who can discover the face of his garment? or who can come to him with his double bridle?
2 Corinthians 13:2	I told you before, and foretell you, as if I were present, the second time; and being absent now I write to them which heretofore have sinned, and to all other, that, if I come again, I will not spare:
Jeremiah 7:15	And I will cast you out of my sight, as I have cast out all your brothers, even the whole seed of Ephraim.
Luke 9:45	But they understood not this saying, and it was hid from them, that they perceived it not: and they feared to ask him of that saying.
2 Corinthians 1:14	As also you have acknowledged us in part, that we are your rejoicing, even as you also are our’s in the day of the Lord Jesus.
Matthew 22:17	Tell us therefore, What think you? Is it lawful to give tribute to Caesar, or not?
Hosea 7:13	Woe to them! for they have fled from me: destruction to them! because they have transgressed against me: though I have redeemed them, yet they have spoken lies against me.
Matthew 26:46	Rise, let us be going: behold, he is at hand that does betray me.
Daniel 12:13	But go you your way till the end be: for you shall rest, and stand in your lot at the end of the days.
Daniel 5:25	And this is the writing that was written, MENE, MENE, TEKEL, UPHARSIN.
Numbers 7:29	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Eliab the son of Helon.
Daniel 5:20	But when his heart was lifted up, and his mind hardened in pride, he was deposed from his kingly throne, and they took his glory from him:
Malachi 1:4	Whereas Edom said, We are impoverished, but we will return and build the desolate places; thus said the LORD of hosts, They shall build, but I will throw down; and they shall call them, The border of wickedness, and, The people against whom the LORD has indignation for ever.
Esther 9:19	Therefore the Jews of the villages, that dwelled in the unwalled towns, made the fourteenth day of the month Adar a day of gladness and feasting, and a good day, and of sending portions one to another.
Proverbs 24:26	Every man shall kiss his lips that gives a right answer.
Psalm 48:7	You break the ships of Tarshish with an east wind.
Exodus 6:11	Go in, speak to Pharaoh king of Egypt, that he let the children of Israel go out of his land.
Deuteronomy 31:30	And Moses spoke in the ears of all the congregation of Israel the words of this song, until they were ended.
Hebrews 4:14	Seeing then that we have a great high priest, that is passed into the heavens, Jesus the Son of God, let us hold fast our profession.
1 Chronicles 27:28	And over the olive trees and the sycomore trees that were in the low plains was Baalhanan the Gederite: and over the cellars of oil was Joash:
Ezekiel 16:5	None eye pitied you, to do any of these to you, to have compassion on you; but you were cast out in the open field, to the loathing of your person, in the day that you were born.
Acts 14:7	And there they preached the gospel.
1 Chronicles 9:21	And Zechariah the son of Meshelemiah was porter of the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Exodus 38:27	And of the hundred talents of silver were cast the sockets of the sanctuary, and the sockets of the veil; an hundred sockets of the hundred talents, a talent for a socket.
Ezra 4:23	Now when the copy of king Artaxerxes’ letter was read before Rehum, and Shimshai the scribe, and their companions, they went up in haste to Jerusalem to the Jews, and made them to cease by force and power.
2 Samuel 6:6	And when they came to Nachon’s threshing floor, Uzzah put forth his hand to the ark of God, and took hold of it; for the oxen shook it.
Jeremiah 52:18	The caldrons also, and the shovels, and the snuffers, and the bowls, and the spoons, and all the vessels of brass with which they ministered, took they away.
Deuteronomy 28:58	If you will not observe to do all the words of this law that are written in this book, that you may fear this glorious and fearful name, THE LORD THY GOD;
Job 33:26	He shall pray to God, and he will be favorable to him: and he shall see his face with joy: for he will render to man his righteousness.
Lamentations 4:20	The breath of our nostrils, the anointed of the LORD, was taken in their pits, of whom we said, Under his shadow we shall live among the heathen.
John 4:44	For Jesus himself testified, that a prophet has no honor in his own country.
2 Chronicles 11:22	And Rehoboam made Abijah the son of Maachah the chief, to be ruler among his brothers: for he thought to make him king.
Matthew 24:28	For wherever the carcass is, there will the eagles be gathered together.
Psalm 61:3	For you have been a shelter for me, and a strong tower from the enemy.
Joshua 4:5	And Joshua said to them, Pass over before the ark of the LORD your God into the middle of Jordan, and take you up every man of you a stone on his shoulder, according to the number of the tribes of the children of Israel:
1 Kings 15:34	And he did evil in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the way of Jeroboam, and in his sin with which he made Israel to sin.
2 Kings 22:2	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, and walked in all the way of David his father, and turned not aside to the right hand or to the left.
Hebrews 9:9	Which was a figure for the time then present, in which were offered both gifts and sacrifices, that could not make him that did the service perfect, as pertaining to the conscience;
Job 24:4	They turn the needy out of the way: the poor of the earth hide themselves together.
Isaiah 23:2	Be still, you inhabitants of the isle; you whom the merchants of Zidon, that pass over the sea, have replenished.
Isaiah 62:6	I have set watchmen on your walls, O Jerusalem, which shall never hold their peace day nor night: you that make mention of the LORD, keep not silence,
Matthew 13:1	The same day went Jesus out of the house, and sat by the sea side.
Jeremiah 17:2	Whilst their children remember their altars and their groves by the green trees on the high hills.
Ezekiel 7:11	Violence is risen up into a rod of wickedness: none of them shall remain, nor of their multitude, nor of any of theirs: neither shall there be wailing for them.
Exodus 25:10	And they shall make an ark of shittim wood: two cubits and a half shall be the length thereof, and a cubit and a half the breadth thereof, and a cubit and a half the height thereof.
Proverbs 2:19	None that go to her return again, neither take they hold of the paths of life.
Numbers 29:20	And on the third day eleven bullocks, two rams, fourteen lambs of the first year without blemish;
2 Peter 2:20	For if after they have escaped the pollutions of the world through the knowledge of the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, they are again entangled therein, and overcome, the latter end is worse with them than the beginning.
1 Samuel 2:16	And if any man said to him, Let them not fail to burn the fat presently, and then take as much as your soul desires; then he would answer him, No; but you shall give it me now: and if not, I will take it by force.
Isaiah 27:4	Fury is not in me: who would set the briers and thorns against me in battle? I would go through them, I would burn them together.
1 Kings 16:17	And Omri went up from Gibbethon, and all Israel with him, and they besieged Tirzah.
1 Kings 22:36	And there went a proclamation throughout the host about the going down of the sun, saying, Every man to his city, and every man to his own country.
Psalm 91:15	He shall call on me, and I will answer him: I will be with him in trouble; I will deliver him, and honor him.
Micah 1:10	Declare you it not at Gath, weep you not at all: in the house of Aphrah roll yourself in the dust.
Revelation 18:20	Rejoice over her, you heaven, and you holy apostles and prophets; for God has avenged you on her.
2 Chronicles 25:12	And other ten thousand left alive did the children of Judah carry away captive, and brought them to the top of the rock, and cast them down from the top of the rock, that they all were broken in pieces.
1 Timothy 4:13	Till I come, give attendance to reading, to exhortation, to doctrine.
Isaiah 53:9	And he made his grave with the wicked, and with the rich in his death; because he had done no violence, neither was any deceit in his mouth.
Jeremiah 44:24	Moreover Jeremiah said to all the people, and to all the women, Hear the word of the LORD, all Judah that are in the land of Egypt:
Ezra 3:9	Then stood Jeshua with his sons and his brothers, Kadmiel and his sons, the sons of Judah, together, to set forward the workmen in the house of God: the sons of Henadad, with their sons and their brothers the Levites.
Hebrews 8:9	Not according to the covenant that I made with their fathers in the day when I took them by the hand to lead them out of the land of Egypt; because they continued not in my covenant, and I regarded them not, said the Lord.
Psalm 136:15	But overthrew Pharaoh and his host in the Red sea: for his mercy endures for ever.
Job 13:24	Why hide you your face, and hold me for your enemy?
2 Samuel 20:18	Then she spoke, saying, They were wont to speak in old time, saying, They shall surely ask counsel at Abel: and so they ended the matter.
Numbers 16:49	Now they that died in the plague were fourteen thousand and seven hundred, beside them that died about the matter of Korah.
2 Chronicles 25:10	Then Amaziah separated them, to wit, the army that was come to him out of Ephraim, to go home again: why their anger was greatly kindled against Judah, and they returned home in great anger.
Joshua 3:13	And it shall come to pass, as soon as the soles of the feet of the priests that bear the ark of the LORD, the LORD of all the earth, shall rest in the waters of Jordan, that the waters of Jordan shall be cut off from the waters that come down from above; and they shall stand on an heap.
Matthew 24:20	But pray you that your flight be not in the winter, neither on the sabbath day:
Ezra 2:33	The children of Lod, Hadid, and Ono, seven hundred twenty and five.
1 Kings 16:12	Thus did Zimri destroy all the house of Baasha, according to the word of the LORD, which he spoke against Baasha by Jehu the prophet.
Ezra 8:36	And they delivered the king’s commissions to the king’s lieutenants, and to the governors on this side the river: and they furthered the people, and the house of God.
Job 2:11	Now when Job’s three friends heard of all this evil that was come on him, they came every one from his own place; Eliphaz the Temanite, and Bildad the Shuhite, and Zophar the Naamathite: for they had made an appointment together to come to mourn with him and to comfort him.
Proverbs 22:12	The eyes of the LORD preserve knowledge, and he overthrows the words of the transgressor.
Exodus 38:8	And he made the laver of brass, and the foot of it of brass, of the mirrors of the women assembling, which assembled at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Leviticus 17:6	And the priest shall sprinkle the blood on the altar of the LORD at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and burn the fat for a sweet smell to the LORD.
2 Kings 6:17	And Elisha prayed, and said, LORD, I pray you, open his eyes, that he may see. And the LORD opened the eyes of the young man; and he saw: and, behold, the mountain was full of horses and chariots of fire round about Elisha.
Exodus 11:10	And Moses and Aaron did all these wonders before Pharaoh: and the LORD hardened Pharaoh’s heart, so that he would not let the children of Israel go out of his land.
Acts 8:39	And when they were come up out of the water, the Spirit of the Lord caught away Philip, that the eunuch saw him no more: and he went on his way rejoicing.
Jeremiah 26:9	Why have you prophesied in the name of the LORD, saying, This house shall be like Shiloh, and this city shall be desolate without an inhabitant? And all the people were gathered against Jeremiah in the house of the LORD.
Isaiah 30:14	And he shall break it as the breaking of the potters’ vessel that is broken in pieces; he shall not spare: so that there shall not be found in the bursting of it a shard to take fire from the hearth, or to take water with out of the pit.
Genesis 20:7	Now therefore restore the man his wife; for he is a prophet, and he shall pray for you, and you shall live: and if you restore her not, know you that you shall surely die, you, and all that are yours.
Nehemiah 3:6	Moreover the old gate repaired Jehoiada the son of Paseah, and Meshullam the son of Besodeiah; they laid the beams thereof, and set up the doors thereof, and the locks thereof, and the bars thereof.
Genesis 42:23	And they knew not that Joseph understood them; for he spoke to them by an interpreter.
2 Kings 9:13	Then they hurried, and took every man his garment, and put it under him on the top of the stairs, and blew with trumpets, saying, Jehu is king.
Exodus 28:26	And you shall make two rings of gold, and you shall put them on the two ends of the breastplate in the border thereof, which is in the side of the ephod inward.
Nehemiah 12:17	Of Abijah, Zichri; of Miniamin, of Moadiah, Piltai:
Judges 3:30	So Moab was subdued that day under the hand of Israel. And the land had rest fourscore years.
Matthew 6:18	That you appear not to men to fast, but to your Father which is in secret: and your Father, which sees in secret, shall reward you openly.
Mark 8:8	So they did eat, and were filled: and they took up of the broken meat that was left seven baskets.
2 Kings 6:29	So we boiled my son, and did eat him: and I said to her on the next day, Give your son, that we may eat him: and she has hid her son.
Numbers 24:11	Therefore now flee you to your place: I thought to promote you to great honor; but, see, the LORD has kept you back from honor.
1 Kings 8:31	If any man trespass against his neighbor, and an oath be laid on him to cause him to swear, and the oath come before your altar in this house:
Revelation 3:12	Him that overcomes will I make a pillar in the temple of my God, and he shall go no more out: and I will write on him the name of my God, and the name of the city of my God, which is new Jerusalem, which comes down out of heaven from my God: and I will write on him my new name.
2 Chronicles 16:10	Then Asa was wroth with the seer, and put him in a prison house; for he was in a rage with him because of this thing. And Asa oppressed some of the people the same time.
Job 5:20	In famine he shall redeem you from death: and in war from the power of the sword.
Nehemiah 4:2	And he spoke before his brothers and the army of Samaria, and said, What do these feeble Jews? will they fortify themselves? will they sacrifice? will they make an end in a day? will they revive the stones out of the heaps of the rubbish which are burned?
Luke 1:67	And his father Zacharias was filled with the Holy Ghost, and prophesied, saying,
2 Timothy 4:16	At my first answer no man stood with me, but all men forsook me: I pray God that it may not be laid to their charge.
1 Chronicles 15:27	And David was clothed with a robe of fine linen, and all the Levites that bore the ark, and the singers, and Chenaniah the master of the song with the singers: David also had on him an ephod of linen.
Joshua 21:39	Heshbon with her suburbs, Jazer with her suburbs; four cities in all.
Job 24:17	For the morning is to them even as the shadow of death: if one know them, they are in the terrors of the shadow of death.
Colossians 1:6	Which is come to you, as it is in all the world; and brings forth fruit, as it does also in you, since the day you heard of it, and knew the grace of God in truth:
Judges 19:7	And when the man rose up to depart, his father in law urged him: therefore he lodged there again.
Psalm 141:7	Our bones are scattered at the grave’s mouth, as when one cuts and splits wood on the earth.
Judges 6:20	And the angel of God said to him, Take the flesh and the unleavened cakes, and lay them on this rock, and pour out the broth. And he did so.
Mark 10:45	For even the Son of man came not to be ministered to, but to minister, and to give his life a ransom for many.
2 Thessalonians 1:5	Which is a manifest token of the righteous judgment of God, that you may be counted worthy of the kingdom of God, for which you also suffer:
Isaiah 48:12	Listen to me, O Jacob and Israel, my called; I am he; I am the first, I also am the last.
Leviticus 26:40	If they shall confess their iniquity, and the iniquity of their fathers, with their trespass which they trespassed against me, and that also they have walked contrary to me;
Numbers 27:7	The daughters of Zelophehad speak right: you shall surely give them a possession of an inheritance among their father’s brothers; and you shall cause the inheritance of their father to pass to them.
Exodus 18:3	And her two sons; of which the name of the one was Gershom; for he said, I have been an alien in a strange land:
Galatians 3:13	Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us: for it is written, Cursed is every one that hangs on a tree:
Jeremiah 12:4	How long shall the land mourn, and the herbs of every field wither, for the wickedness of them that dwell therein? the beasts are consumed, and the birds; because they said, He shall not see our last end.
1 Samuel 4:18	And it came to pass, when he made mention of the ark of God, that he fell from off the seat backward by the side of the gate, and his neck broke, and he died: for he was an old man, and heavy. And he had judged Israel forty years.
Isaiah 16:10	And gladness is taken away, and joy out of the plentiful field; and in the vineyards there shall be no singing, neither shall there be shouting: the treaders shall tread out no wine in their presses; I have made their vintage shouting to cease.
Genesis 49:8	Judah, you are he whom your brothers shall praise: your hand shall be in the neck of your enemies; your father’s children shall bow down before you.
Proverbs 10:16	The labor of the righteous tends to life: the fruit of the wicked to sin.
Numbers 33:26	And they removed from Makheloth, and encamped at Tahath.
1 Chronicles 6:29	The sons of Merari; Mahli, Libni his son, Shimei his son, Uzza his son,
2 Chronicles 18:12	And the messenger that went to call Micaiah spoke to him, saying, Behold, the words of the prophets declare good to the king with one assent; let your word therefore, I pray you, be like one of theirs, and speak you good.
Psalm 37:21	The wicked borrows, and pays not again: but the righteous shows mercy, and gives.
1 Chronicles 14:6	And Nogah, and Nepheg, and Japhia,
Deuteronomy 28:13	And the LORD shall make you the head, and not the tail; and you shall be above only, and you shall not be beneath; if that you listen to the commandments of the LORD your God, which I command you this day, to observe and to do them:
Jeremiah 5:2	And though they say, The LORD lives; surely they swear falsely.
1 Samuel 8:21	And Samuel heard all the words of the people, and he rehearsed them in the ears of the LORD.
Proverbs 10:21	The lips of the righteous feed many: but fools die for want of wisdom.
John 3:2	The same came to Jesus by night, and said to him, Rabbi, we know that you are a teacher come from God: for no man can do these miracles that you do, except God be with him.
Mark 4:28	For the earth brings forth fruit of herself; first the blade, then the ear, after that the full corn in the ear.
2 Kings 17:1	In the twelfth year of Ahaz king of Judah began Hoshea the son of Elah to reign in Samaria over Israel nine years.
1 Timothy 4:11	These things command and teach.
Ruth 1:17	Where you die, will I die, and there will I be buried: the LORD do so to me, and more also, if ought but death part you and me.
Judges 9:39	And Gaal went out before the men of Shechem, and fought with Abimelech.
Numbers 14:15	Now if you shall kill all this people as one man, then the nations which have heard the fame of you will speak, saying,
Psalm 39:4	LORD, make me to know my end, and the measure of my days, what it is: that I may know how frail I am.
Joshua 15:3	And it went out to the south side to Maalehacrabbim, and passed along to Zin, and ascended up on the south side to Kadeshbarnea, and passed along to Hezron, and went up to Adar, and fetched a compass to Karkaa:
Micah 6:7	Will the LORD be pleased with thousands of rams, or with ten thousands of rivers of oil? shall I give my firstborn for my transgression, the fruit of my body for the sin of my soul?
2 John 1:4	I rejoiced greatly that I found of your children walking in truth, as we have received a commandment from the Father.
Jeremiah 29:18	And I will persecute them with the sword, with the famine, and with the pestilence, and will deliver them to be removed to all the kingdoms of the earth, to be a curse, and an astonishment, and an hissing, and a reproach, among all the nations where I have driven them:
Jeremiah 26:22	And Jehoiakim the king sent men into Egypt, namely, Elnathan the son of Achbor, and certain men with him into Egypt.
1 Samuel 13:9	And Saul said, Bring here a burnt offering to me, and peace offerings. And he offered the burnt offering.
Proverbs 20:24	Man’s goings are of the LORD; how can a man then understand his own way?
John 6:62	What and if you shall see the Son of man ascend up where he was before?
Mark 7:15	There is nothing from without a man, that entering into him can defile him: but the things which come out of him, those are they that defile the man.
Numbers 7:33	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:
Luke 19:1	And Jesus entered and passed through Jericho.
Romans 15:17	I have therefore whereof I may glory through Jesus Christ in those things which pertain to God.
Exodus 6:19	And the sons of Merari; Mahali and Mushi: these are the families of Levi according to their generations.
Jeremiah 36:31	And I will punish him and his seed and his servants for their iniquity; and I will bring on them, and on the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and on the men of Judah, all the evil that I have pronounced against them; but they listened not.
Nehemiah 2:15	Then went I up in the night by the brook, and viewed the wall, and turned back, and entered by the gate of the valley, and so returned.
1 Kings 9:10	And it came to pass at the end of twenty years, when Solomon had built the two houses, the house of the LORD, and the king’s house,
Genesis 24:17	And the servant ran to meet her, and said, Let me, I pray you, drink a little water of your pitcher.
Ezekiel 16:6	And when I passed by you, and saw you polluted in your own blood, I said to you when you were in your blood, Live; yes, I said to you when you were in your blood, Live.
Deuteronomy 32:42	I will make my arrows drunk with blood, and my sword shall devour flesh; and that with the blood of the slain and of the captives, from the beginning of revenges on the enemy.
Job 6:4	For the arrows of the Almighty are within me, the poison whereof drinks up my spirit: the terrors of God do set themselves in array against me.
Romans 14:5	One man esteems one day above another: another esteems every day alike. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind.
Luke 13:11	And, behold, there was a woman which had a spirit of infirmity eighteen years, and was bowed together, and could in no wise lift up herself.
Luke 9:54	And when his disciples James and John saw this, they said, Lord, will you that we command fire to come down from heaven, and consume them, even as Elias did?
Revelation 19:11	And I saw heaven opened, and behold a white horse; and he that sat on him was called Faithful and True, and in righteousness he does judge and make war.
1 Chronicles 28:6	And he said to me, Solomon your son, he shall build my house and my courts: for I have chosen him to be my son, and I will be his father.
John 20:29	Jesus said to him, Thomas, because you have seen me, you have believed: blessed are they that have not seen, and yet have believed.
Matthew 17:6	And when the disciples heard it, they fell on their face, and were sore afraid.
1 Chronicles 9:43	And Moza begat Binea; and Rephaiah his son, Eleasah his son, Azel his son.
Matthew 21:4	All this was done, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, saying,
Psalm 118:29	O give thanks to the LORD; for he is good: for his mercy endures for ever.
Jeremiah 8:16	The snorting of his horses was heard from Dan: the whole land trembled at the sound of the neighing of his strong ones; for they are come, and have devoured the land, and all that is in it; the city, and those that dwell therein.
Ezekiel 12:2	Son of man, you dwell in the middle of a rebellious house, which have eyes to see, and see not; they have ears to hear, and hear not: for they are a rebellious house.
Acts 11:24	For he was a good man, and full of the Holy Ghost and of faith: and much people was added to the Lord.
Daniel 2:1	And in the second year of the reign of Nebuchadnezzar Nebuchadnezzar dreamed dreams, with which his spirit was troubled, and his sleep broke from him.
Job 31:9	If my heart have been deceived by a woman, or if I have laid wait at my neighbor’s door;
Acts 18:8	And Crispus, the chief ruler of the synagogue, believed on the Lord with all his house; and many of the Corinthians hearing believed, and were baptized.
Deuteronomy 30:7	And the LORD your God will put all these curses on your enemies, and on them that hate you, which persecuted you.
Psalm 118:16	The right hand of the LORD is exalted: the right hand of the LORD does valiantly.
John 4:16	Jesus said to her, Go, call your husband, and come here.
John 11:30	Now Jesus was not yet come into the town, but was in that place where Martha met him.
Ephesians 1:4	According as he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love:
Ruth 1:16	And Ruth said, Entreat me not to leave you, or to return from following after you: for where you go, I will go; and where you lodge, I will lodge: your people shall be my people, and your God my God:
Isaiah 59:3	For your hands are defiled with blood, and your fingers with iniquity; your lips have spoken lies, your tongue has muttered perverseness.
Matthew 22:34	But when the Pharisees had heard that he had put the Sadducees to silence, they were gathered together.
2 Samuel 6:14	And David danced before the LORD with all his might; and David was girded with a linen ephod.
Acts 17:26	And has made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth, and has determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation;
Psalm 111:6	He has showed his people the power of his works, that he may give them the heritage of the heathen.
Exodus 12:20	You shall eat nothing leavened; in all your habitations shall you eat unleavened bread.
James 2:22	See you how faith worked with his works, and by works was faith made perfect?
1 Samuel 2:1	And Hannah prayed, and said, My heart rejoices in the LORD, my horn is exalted in the LORD: my mouth is enlarged over my enemies; because I rejoice in your salvation.
Mark 6:48	And he saw them toiling in rowing; for the wind was contrary to them: and about the fourth watch of the night he comes to them, walking on the sea, and would have passed by them.
Ezekiel 3:27	But when I speak with you, I will open your mouth, and you shall say to them, Thus said the Lord GOD; He that hears, let him hear; and he that declines, let him forbear: for they are a rebellious house.
Psalm 102:23	He weakened my strength in the way; he shortened my days.
1 Thessalonians 1:6	And you became followers of us, and of the Lord, having received the word in much affliction, with joy of the Holy Ghost.
Proverbs 17:24	Wisdom is before him that has understanding; but the eyes of a fool are in the ends of the earth.
Exodus 23:9	Also you shall not oppress a stranger: for you know the heart of a stranger, seeing you were strangers in the land of Egypt.
Acts 28:13	And from there we fetched a compass, and came to Rhegium: and after one day the south wind blew, and we came the next day to Puteoli:
Proverbs 1:6	To understand a proverb, and the interpretation; the words of the wise, and their dark sayings.
Leviticus 26:29	And you shall eat the flesh of your sons, and the flesh of your daughters shall you eat.
Deuteronomy 31:5	And the LORD shall give them up before your face, that you may do to them according to all the commandments which I have commanded you.
Acts 7:55	But he, being full of the Holy Ghost, looked up steadfastly into heaven, and saw the glory of God, and Jesus standing on the right hand of God,
James 2:2	For if there come to your assembly a man with a gold ring, in goodly apparel, and there come in also a poor man in vile raiment;
1 Kings 8:60	That all the people of the earth may know that the LORD is God, and that there is none else.
Acts 10:37	That word, I say, you know, which was published throughout all Judaea, and began from Galilee, after the baptism which John preached;
Psalm 89:46	How long, LORD? will you hide yourself for ever? shall your wrath burn like fire?
Exodus 14:21	And Moses stretched out his hand over the sea; and the LORD caused the sea to go back by a strong east wind all that night, and made the sea dry land, and the waters were divided.
Joshua 3:7	And the LORD said to Joshua, This day will I begin to magnify you in the sight of all Israel, that they may know that, as I was with Moses, so I will be with you.
Acts 16:14	And a certain woman named Lydia, a seller of purple, of the city of Thyatira, which worshipped God, heard us: whose heart the Lord opened, that she attended to the things which were spoken of Paul.
1 Kings 13:7	And the king said to the man of God, Come home with me, and refresh yourself, and I will give you a reward.
Romans 15:30	Now I beseech you, brothers, for the Lord Jesus Christ’s sake, and for the love of the Spirit, that you strive together with me in your prayers to God for me;
Isaiah 42:1	Behold my servant, whom I uphold; my elect, in whom my soul delights; I have put my spirit on him: he shall bring forth judgment to the Gentiles.
2 Chronicles 34:27	Because your heart was tender, and you did humble yourself before God, when you heard his words against this place, and against the inhabitants thereof, and humbled yourself before me, and did rend your clothes, and weep before me; I have even heard you also, said the LORD.
Ezekiel 24:27	In that day shall your mouth be opened to him which is escaped, and you shall speak, and be no more dumb: and you shall be a sign to them; and they shall know that I am the LORD.
2 Chronicles 25:18	And Joash king of Israel sent to Amaziah king of Judah, saying, The thistle that was in Lebanon sent to the cedar that was in Lebanon, saying, Give your daughter to my son to wife: and there passed by a wild beast that was in Lebanon, and stepped down the thistle.
Nehemiah 9:12	Moreover you led them in the day by a cloudy pillar; and in the night by a pillar of fire, to give them light in the way wherein they should go.
Jeremiah 44:7	Therefore now thus said the LORD, the God of hosts, the God of Israel; Why commit you this great evil against your souls, to cut off from you man and woman, child and suckling, out of Judah, to leave you none to remain;
Micah 5:2	But you, Bethlehem Ephratah, though you be little among the thousands of Judah, yet out of you shall he come forth to me that is to be ruler in Israel; whose goings forth have been from of old, from everlasting.
Jeremiah 52:8	But the army of the Chaldeans pursued after the king, and overtook Zedekiah in the plains of Jericho; and all his army was scattered from him.
1 Chronicles 15:25	So David, and the elders of Israel, and the captains over thousands, went to bring up the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of the house of Obededom with joy.
Job 24:1	Why, seeing times are not hidden from the Almighty, do they that know him not see his days?
Luke 11:16	And others, tempting him, sought of him a sign from heaven.
Joshua 21:33	All the cities of the Gershonites according to their families were thirteen cities with their suburbs.
Luke 9:13	But he said to them, Give you them to eat. And they said, We have no more but five loaves and two fishes; except we should go and buy meat for all this people.
Psalm 119:66	Teach me good judgment and knowledge: for I have believed your commandments.
Leviticus 11:38	But if any water be put on the seed, and any part of their carcass fall thereon, it shall be unclean to you.
Job 1:21	And said, Naked came I out of my mother’s womb, and naked shall I return thither: the LORD gave, and the LORD has taken away; blessed be the name of the LORD.
Nehemiah 3:17	After him repaired the Levites, Rehum the son of Bani. Next to him repaired Hashabiah, the ruler of the half part of Keilah, in his part.
Ezekiel 20:29	Then I said to them, What is the high place whereunto you go? And the name whereof is called Bamah to this day.
Ecclesiastes 3:5	A time to cast away stones, and a time to gather stones together; a time to embrace, and a time to refrain from embracing;
Deuteronomy 28:37	And you shall become an astonishment, a proverb, and a byword, among all nations where the LORD shall lead you.
Mark 13:20	And except that the Lord had shortened those days, no flesh should be saved: but for the elect’s sake, whom he has chosen, he has shortened the days.
Deuteronomy 28:38	You shall carry much seed out into the field, and shall gather but little in; for the locust shall consume it.
Psalm 94:17	Unless the LORD had been my help, my soul had almost dwelled in silence.
1 Samuel 31:12	All the valiant men arose, and went all night, and took the body of Saul and the bodies of his sons from the wall of Bethshan, and came to Jabesh, and burnt them there.
Hebrews 12:5	And you have forgotten the exhortation which speaks to you as to children, My son, despise not you the chastening of the Lord, nor faint when you are rebuked of him:
Joshua 5:1	And it came to pass, when all the kings of the Amorites, which were on the side of Jordan westward, and all the kings of the Canaanites, which were by the sea, heard that the LORD had dried up the waters of Jordan from before the children of Israel, until we were passed over, that their heart melted, neither was there spirit in them any more, because of the children of Israel.
Psalm 17:10	They are enclosed in their own fat: with their mouth they speak proudly.
1 Thessalonians 1:2	We give thanks to God always for you all, making mention of you in our prayers;
Psalm 146:9	The LORD preserves the strangers; he relieves the fatherless and widow: but the way of the wicked he turns upside down.
Numbers 15:27	And if any soul sin through ignorance, then he shall bring a she goat of the first year for a sin offering.
Isaiah 49:18	Lift up your eyes round about, and behold: all these gather themselves together, and come to you. As I live, said the LORD, you shall surely clothe you with them all, as with an ornament, and bind them on you, as a bride does.
Ecclesiastes 5:4	When you vow a vow to God, defer not to pay it; for he has no pleasure in fools: pay that which you have vowed.
Psalm 75:1	To you, O God, do we give thanks, to you do we give thanks: for that your name is near your wondrous works declare.
Job 21:15	What is the Almighty, that we should serve him? and what profit should we have, if we pray to him?
Colossians 1:25	Whereof I am made a minister, according to the dispensation of God which is given to me for you, to fulfill the word of God;
1 Chronicles 19:19	And when the servants of Hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, they made peace with David, and became his servants: neither would the Syrians help the children of Ammon any more.
Deuteronomy 15:11	For the poor shall never cease out of the land: therefore I command you, saying, You shall open your hand wide to your brother, to your poor, and to your needy, in your land.
Numbers 22:22	And God’s anger was kindled because he went: and the angel of the LORD stood in the way for an adversary against him. Now he was riding on his ass, and his two servants were with him.
Jonah 2:8	They that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercy.
Exodus 24:16	And the glory of the LORD stayed on mount Sinai, and the cloud covered it six days: and the seventh day he called to Moses out of the middle of the cloud.
1 Thessalonians 2:15	Who both killed the Lord Jesus, and their own prophets, and have persecuted us; and they please not God, and are contrary to all men:
Psalm 94:11	The LORD knows the thoughts of man, that they are vanity.
Psalm 74:19	O deliver not the soul of your turtledove to the multitude of the wicked: forget not the congregation of your poor for ever.
Proverbs 24:8	He that devises to do evil shall be called a mischievous person.
1 Samuel 2:4	The bows of the mighty men are broken, and they that stumbled are girded with strength.
Isaiah 17:4	And in that day it shall come to pass, that the glory of Jacob shall be made thin, and the fatness of his flesh shall wax lean.
Numbers 32:28	So concerning them Moses commanded Eleazar the priest, and Joshua the son of Nun, and the chief fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel:
Exodus 29:29	And the holy garments of Aaron shall be his sons’ after him, to be anointed therein, and to be consecrated in them.
Proverbs 9:17	Stolen waters are sweet, and bread eaten in secret is pleasant.
Psalm 50:14	Offer to God thanksgiving; and pay your vows to the most High:
Genesis 48:20	And he blessed them that day, saying, In you shall Israel bless, saying, God make you as Ephraim and as Manasseh: and he set Ephraim before Manasseh.
Habakkuk 1:17	Shall they therefore empty their net, and not spare continually to slay the nations?
Isaiah 40:31	But they that wait on the LORD shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint.
Daniel 11:14	And in those times there shall many stand up against the king of the south: also the robbers of your people shall exalt themselves to establish the vision; but they shall fall.
Ezekiel 16:10	I clothed you also with broidered work, and shod you with badgers’ skin, and I girded you about with fine linen, and I covered you with silk.
Jeremiah 44:4	However, I sent to you all my servants the prophets, rising early and sending them, saying, Oh, do not this abominable thing that I hate.
Joshua 21:37	Kedemoth with her suburbs, and Mephaath with her suburbs; four cities.
1 Corinthians 2:15	But he that is spiritual judges all things, yet he himself is judged of no man.
Genesis 4:8	And Cain talked with Abel his brother: and it came to pass, when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and slew him.
Leviticus 26:19	And I will break the pride of your power; and I will make your heaven as iron, and your earth as brass:
John 8:27	They understood not that he spoke to them of the Father.
Mark 2:22	And no man puts new wine into old bottles: else the new wine does burst the bottles, and the wine is spilled, and the bottles will be marred: but new wine must be put into new bottles.
Lamentations 5:1	Remember, O LORD, what is come on us: consider, and behold our reproach.
Amos 5:23	Take you away from me the noise of your songs; for I will not hear the melody of your viols.
Joshua 9:10	And all that he did to the two kings of the Amorites, that were beyond Jordan, to Sihon king of Heshbon, and to Og king of Bashan, which was at Ashtaroth.
Joel 3:2	I will also gather all nations, and will bring them down into the valley of Jehoshaphat, and will plead with them there for my people and for my heritage Israel, whom they have scattered among the nations, and parted my land.
Micah 7:3	That they may do evil with both hands earnestly, the prince asks, and the judge asks for a reward; and the great man, he utters his mischievous desire: so they wrap it up.
Isaiah 7:17	The LORD shall bring on you, and on your people, and on your father’s house, days that have not come, from the day that Ephraim departed from Judah; even the king of Assyria.
Genesis 13:15	For all the land which you see, to you will I give it, and to your seed for ever.
Amos 6:11	For, behold, the LORD commands, and he will smite the great house with breaches, and the little house with clefts.
2 Samuel 1:9	He said to me again, Stand, I pray you, on me, and slay me: for anguish is come on me, because my life is yet whole in me.
Jeremiah 23:12	Why their way shall be to them as slippery ways in the darkness: they shall be driven on, and fall therein: for I will bring evil on them, even the year of their visitation, said the LORD.
1 Thessalonians 4:6	That no man go beyond and defraud his brother in any matter: because that the Lord is the avenger of all such, as we also have forewarned you and testified.
Ezekiel 40:45	And he said to me, This chamber, whose prospect is toward the south, is for the priests, the keepers of the charge of the house.
Hebrews 13:4	Marriage is honorable in all, and the bed undefiled: but fornicators and adulterers God will judge.
Exodus 31:16	Why the children of Israel shall keep the sabbath, to observe the sabbath throughout their generations, for a perpetual covenant.
Acts 2:12	And they were all amazed, and were in doubt, saying one to another, What means this?
2 Kings 8:2	And the woman arose, and did after the saying of the man of God: and she went with her household, and sojourned in the land of the Philistines seven years.
1 Corinthians 8:11	And through your knowledge shall the weak brother perish, for whom Christ died?
Luke 15:6	And when he comes home, he calls together his friends and neighbors, saying to them, Rejoice with me; for I have found my sheep which was lost.
John 12:6	This he said, not that he cared for the poor; but because he was a thief, and had the bag, and bore what was put therein.
Matthew 4:13	And leaving Nazareth, he came and dwelled in Capernaum, which is on the sea coast, in the borders of Zabulon and Nephthalim:
2 Kings 22:5	And let them deliver it into the hand of the doers of the work, that have the oversight of the house of the LORD: and let them give it to the doers of the work which is in the house of the LORD, to repair the breaches of the house,
2 Samuel 7:25	And now, O LORD God, the word that you have spoken concerning your servant, and concerning his house, establish it for ever, and do as you have said.
1 Chronicles 4:2	And Reaiah the son of Shobal begat Jahath; and Jahath begat Ahumai, and Lahad. These are the families of the Zorathites.
1 Samuel 12:23	Moreover as for me, God forbid that I should sin against the LORD in ceasing to pray for you: but I will teach you the good and the right way:
2 Chronicles 35:27	And his deeds, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah.
Leviticus 6:14	And this is the law of the meat offering: the sons of Aaron shall offer it before the LORD, before the altar.
Genesis 21:11	And the thing was very grievous in Abraham’s sight because of his son.
Isaiah 43:4	Since you were precious in my sight, you have been honorable, and I have loved you: therefore will I give men for you, and people for your life.
Zechariah 6:3	And in the third chariot white horses; and in the fourth chariot spotted and bay horses.
Leviticus 9:22	And Aaron lifted up his hand toward the people, and blessed them, and came down from offering of the sin offering, and the burnt offering, and peace offerings.
Luke 14:28	For which of you, intending to build a tower, sits not down first, and counts the cost, whether he have sufficient to finish it?
Leviticus 19:18	You shall not avenge, nor bear any grudge against the children of your people, but you shall love your neighbor as yourself: I am the LORD.
1 John 3:1	Behold, what manner of love the Father has bestowed on us, that we should be called the sons of God: therefore the world knows us not, because it knew him not.
1 Kings 12:12	So Jeroboam and all the people came to Rehoboam the third day, as the king had appointed, saying, Come to me again the third day.
Ezekiel 31:10	Therefore thus said the Lord GOD; Because you have lifted up yourself in height, and he has shot up his top among the thick boughs, and his heart is lifted up in his height;
Luke 24:51	And it came to pass, while he blessed them, he was parted from them, and carried up into heaven.
Matthew 15:2	Why do your disciples transgress the tradition of the elders? for they wash not their hands when they eat bread.
1 Samuel 5:8	They sent therefore and gathered all the lords of the Philistines to them, and said, What shall we do with the ark of the God of Israel? And they answered, Let the ark of the God of Israel be carried about to Gath. And they carried the ark of the God of Israel about thither.
Proverbs 20:21	An inheritance may be gotten hastily at the beginning; but the end thereof shall not be blessed.
Acts 14:9	The same heard Paul speak: who steadfastly beholding him, and perceiving that he had faith to be healed,
Psalm 2:2	The kings of the earth set themselves, and the rulers take counsel together, against the LORD, and against his anointed, saying,
Lamentations 5:20	Why do you forget us for ever, and forsake us so long time?
Psalm 87:3	Glorious things are spoken of you, O city of God. Selah.
Leviticus 20:22	You shall therefore keep all my statutes, and all my judgments, and do them: that the land, where I bring you to dwell therein, spew you not out.
Genesis 29:26	And Laban said, It must not be so done in our country, to give the younger before the firstborn.
Jeremiah 15:9	She that has borne seven languishes: she has given up the ghost; her sun is gone down while it was yet day: she has been ashamed and confounded: and the residue of them will I deliver to the sword before their enemies, said the LORD.
Hebrews 7:14	For it is evident that our Lord sprang out of Juda; of which tribe Moses spoke nothing concerning priesthood.
Psalm 45:6	Your throne, O God, is for ever and ever: the scepter of your kingdom is a right scepter.
Joshua 11:9	And Joshua did to them as the LORD bade him: he hamstrung their horses, and burnt their chariots with fire.
2 Kings 4:41	But he said, Then bring meal. And he cast it into the pot; and he said, Pour out for the people, that they may eat. And there was no harm in the pot.
Amos 7:6	The LORD repented for this: This also shall not be, said the Lord GOD.
Psalm 102:1	Hear my prayer, O LORD, and let my cry come to you.
Lamentations 3:30	He gives his cheek to him that smites him: he is filled full with reproach.
John 19:19	And Pilate wrote a title, and put it on the cross. And the writing was JESUS OF NAZARETH THE KING OF THE JEWS.
Genesis 30:26	Give me my wives and my children, for whom I have served you, and let me go: for you know my service which I have done you.
Judges 21:19	Then they said, Behold, there is a feast of the LORD in Shiloh yearly in a place which is on the north side of Bethel, on the east side of the highway that goes up from Bethel to Shechem, and on the south of Lebonah.
Genesis 30:12	And Zilpah Leah’s maid bore Jacob a second son.
Jeremiah 46:22	The voice thereof shall go like a serpent; for they shall march with an army, and come against her with axes, as hewers of wood.
Mark 13:10	And the gospel must first be published among all nations.
Joshua 24:15	And if it seem evil to you to serve the LORD, choose you this day whom you will serve; whether the gods which your fathers served that were on the other side of the flood, or the gods of the Amorites, in whose land you dwell: but as for me and my house, we will serve the LORD.
Acts 27:14	But not long after there arose against it a tempestuous wind, called Euroclydon.
Numbers 4:19	But thus do to them, that they may live, and not die, when they approach to the most holy things: Aaron and his sons shall go in, and appoint them every one to his service and to his burden:
Genesis 26:26	Then Abimelech went to him from Gerar, and Ahuzzath one of his friends, and Phichol the chief captain of his army.
Esther 8:9	Then were the king’s scribes called at that time in the third month, that is, the month Sivan, on the three and twentieth day thereof; and it was written according to all that Mordecai commanded to the Jews, and to the lieutenants, and the deputies and rulers of the provinces which are from India to Ethiopia, an hundred twenty and seven provinces, to every province according to the writing thereof, and to every people after their language, and to the Jews according to their writing, and according to their language.
Isaiah 7:7	Thus said the Lord GOD, It shall not stand, neither shall it come to pass.
2 Corinthians 8:21	Providing for honest things, not only in the sight of the Lord, but also in the sight of men.
Psalm 118:7	The LORD takes my part with them that help me: therefore shall I see my desire on them that hate me.
2 Chronicles 23:11	Then they brought out the king’s son, and put on him the crown, and gave him the testimony, and made him king. And Jehoiada and his sons anointed him, and said, God save the king.
Exodus 32:15	And Moses turned, and went down from the mount, and the two tables of the testimony were in his hand: the tables were written on both their sides; on the one side and on the other were they written.
Jeremiah 6:3	The shepherds with their flocks shall come to her; they shall pitch their tents against her round about; they shall feed every one in his place.
Proverbs 29:15	The rod and reproof give wisdom: but a child left to himself brings his mother to shame.
Joshua 6:22	But Joshua had said to the two men that had spied out the country, Go into the harlot’s house, and bring out there the woman, and all that she has, as you swore to her.
Proverbs 22:4	By humility and the fear of the LORD are riches, and honor, and life.
Revelation 21:9	And there came to me one of the seven angels which had the seven vials full of the seven last plagues, and talked with me, saying, Come here, I will show you the bride, the Lamb’s wife.
Numbers 5:16	And the priest shall bring her near, and set her before the LORD:
Leviticus 14:22	And two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, such as he is able to get; and the one shall be a sin offering, and the other a burnt offering.
Daniel 5:27	TEKEL; You are weighed in the balances, and are found wanting.
Ecclesiastes 10:10	If the iron be blunt, and he do not whet the edge, then must he put to more strength: but wisdom is profitable to direct.
Psalm 141:10	Let the wicked fall into their own nets, whilst that I with escape.
1 Chronicles 22:18	Is not the LORD your God with you? and has he not given you rest on every side? for he has given the inhabitants of the land into my hand; and the land is subdued before the LORD, and before his people.
Deuteronomy 3:28	But charge Joshua, and encourage him, and strengthen him: for he shall go over before this people, and he shall cause them to inherit the land which you shall see.
Judges 8:25	And they answered, We will willingly give them. And they spread a garment, and did cast therein every man the earrings of his prey.
Acts 17:28	For in him we live, and move, and have our being; as certain also of your own poets have said, For we are also his offspring.
Genesis 14:17	And the king of Sodom went out to meet him after his return from the slaughter of Chedorlaomer, and of the kings that were with him, at the valley of Shaveh, which is the king’s dale.
Psalm 119:106	I have sworn, and I will perform it, that I will keep your righteous judgments.
Acts 12:22	And the people gave a shout, saying, It is the voice of a god, and not of a man.
Joel 3:4	Yes, and what have you to do with me, O Tyre, and Zidon, and all the coasts of Palestine? will you render me a recompense? and if you recompense me, swiftly and speedily will I return your recompense on your own head;
Daniel 2:9	But if you will not make known to me the dream, there is but one decree for you: for you have prepared lying and corrupt words to speak before me, till the time be changed: therefore tell me the dream, and I shall know that you can show me the interpretation thereof.
1 Samuel 6:6	Why then do you harden your hearts, as the Egyptians and Pharaoh hardened their hearts? when he had worked wonderfully among them, did they not let the people go, and they departed?
Proverbs 10:9	He that walks uprightly walks surely: but he that perverts his ways shall be known.
Isaiah 10:8	For he said, Are not my princes altogether kings?
Philippians 2:13	For it is God which works in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure.
Proverbs 24:22	For their calamity shall rise suddenly; and who knows the ruin of them both?
1 Samuel 8:22	And the LORD said to Samuel, Listen to their voice, and make them a king. And Samuel said to the men of Israel, Go you every man to his city.
Lamentations 5:6	We have given the hand to the Egyptians, and to the Assyrians, to be satisfied with bread.
Hosea 5:5	And the pride of Israel does testify to his face: therefore shall Israel and Ephraim fall in their iniquity: Judah also shall fall with them.
Matthew 12:29	Or else how can one enter into a strong man’s house, and spoil his goods, except he first bind the strong man? and then he will spoil his house.
Isaiah 57:6	Among the smooth stones of the stream is your portion; they, they are your lot: even to them have you poured a drink offering, you have offered a meat offering. Should I receive comfort in these?
John 10:16	And other sheep I have, which are not of this fold: them also I must bring, and they shall hear my voice; and there shall be one fold, and one shepherd.
Psalm 11:3	If the foundations be destroyed, what can the righteous do?
Psalm 24:4	He that has clean hands, and a pure heart; who has not lifted up his soul to vanity, nor sworn deceitfully.
Ezra 1:7	Also Cyrus the king brought forth the vessels of the house of the LORD, which Nebuchadnezzar had brought forth out of Jerusalem, and had put them in the house of his gods;
Romans 1:14	I am debtor both to the Greeks, and to the Barbarians; both to the wise, and to the unwise.
Numbers 34:6	And as for the western border, you shall even have the great sea for a border: this shall be your west border.
Deuteronomy 29:18	Lest there should be among you man, or woman, or family, or tribe, whose heart turns away this day from the LORD our God, to go and serve the gods of these nations; lest there should be among you a root that bears gall and wormwood;
Leviticus 18:17	You shall not uncover the nakedness of a woman and her daughter, neither shall you take her son’s daughter, or her daughter’s daughter, to uncover her nakedness; for they are her near kinswomen: it is wickedness.
Exodus 20:20	And Moses said to the people, Fear not: for God is come to prove you, and that his fear may be before your faces, that you sin not.
Jeremiah 48:42	And Moab shall be destroyed from being a people, because he has magnified himself against the LORD.
Luke 15:7	I say to you, that likewise joy shall be in heaven over one sinner that repents, more than over ninety and nine just persons, which need no repentance.
Jeremiah 38:1	Then Shephatiah the son of Mattan, and Gedaliah the son of Pashur, and Jucal the son of Shelemiah, and Pashur the son of Malchiah, heard the words that Jeremiah had spoken to all the people, saying,
Hebrews 6:4	For it is impossible for those who were once enlightened, and have tasted of the heavenly gift, and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost,
Genesis 44:1	And he commanded the steward of his house, saying, Fill the men’s sacks with food, as much as they can carry, and put every man’s money in his sack’s mouth.
Ezra 2:32	The children of Harim, three hundred and twenty.
Genesis 9:10	And with every living creature that is with you, of the fowl, of the cattle, and of every beast of the earth with you; from all that go out of the ark, to every beast of the earth.
2 Kings 1:16	And he said to him, Thus said the LORD, For as much as you have sent messengers to inquire of Baalzebub the god of Ekron, is it not because there is no God in Israel to inquire of his word? therefore you shall not come down off that bed on which you are gone up, but shall surely die.
Genesis 34:10	And you shall dwell with us: and the land shall be before you; dwell and trade you therein, and get you possessions therein.
2 Chronicles 29:2	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that David his father had done.
Jeremiah 51:53	Though Babylon should mount up to heaven, and though she should fortify the height of her strength, yet from me shall spoilers come to her, said the LORD.
Philippians 4:8	Finally, brothers, whatever things are true, whatever things are honest, whatever things are just, whatever things are pure, whatever things are lovely, whatever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things.
Proverbs 17:9	He that covers a transgression seeks love; but he that repeats a matter separates very friends.
Genesis 24:28	And the damsel ran, and told them of her mother’s house these things.
Psalm 49:1	Hear this, all you people; give ear, all you inhabitants of the world:
Exodus 28:37	And you shall put it on a blue lace, that it may be on the turban; on the forefront of the turban it shall be.
John 10:18	No man takes it from me, but I lay it down of myself. I have power to lay it down, and I have power to take it again. This commandment have I received of my Father.
Genesis 7:24	And the waters prevailed on the earth an hundred and fifty days.
Jeremiah 30:3	For, see, the days come, said the LORD, that I will bring again the captivity of my people Israel and Judah, said the LORD: and I will cause them to return to the land that I gave to their fathers, and they shall possess it.
Jeremiah 23:26	How long shall this be in the heart of the prophets that prophesy lies? yes, they are prophets of the deceit of their own heart;
Jeremiah 23:37	Thus shall you say to the prophet, What has the LORD answered you? and, What has the LORD spoken?
Revelation 22:19	And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.
Numbers 32:6	And Moses said to the children of Gad and to the children of Reuben, Shall your brothers go to war, and shall you sit here?
2 Peter 1:4	Whereby are given to us exceeding great and precious promises: that by these you might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust.
1 Samuel 14:7	And his armor bearer said to him, Do all that is in your heart: turn you; behold, I am with you according to your heart.
Ezra 2:8	The children of Zattu, nine hundred forty and five.
Job 5:1	Call now, if there be any that will answer you; and to which of the saints will you turn?
Proverbs 20:25	It is a snare to the man who devours that which is holy, and after vows to make enquiry.
Psalm 42:11	Why are you cast down, O my soul? and why are you disquieted within me? hope you in God: for I shall yet praise him, who is the health of my countenance, and my God.
Acts 27:19	And the third day we cast out with our own hands the tackling of the ship.
Jeremiah 49:28	Concerning Kedar, and concerning the kingdoms of Hazor, which Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon shall smite, thus said the LORD; Arise you, go up to Kedar, and spoil the men of the east.
Ezra 5:7	They sent a letter to him, wherein was written thus; To Darius the king, all peace.
Jeremiah 16:18	And first I will recompense their iniquity and their sin double; because they have defiled my land, they have filled my inheritance with the carcasses of their detestable and abominable things.
1 Kings 8:24	Who have kept with your servant David my father that you promised him: you spoke also with your mouth, and have fulfilled it with your hand, as it is this day.
Genesis 35:4	And they gave to Jacob all the strange gods which were in their hand, and all their earrings which were in their ears; and Jacob hid them under the oak which was by Shechem.
Job 2:12	And when they lifted up their eyes afar off, and knew him not, they lifted up their voice, and wept; and they rent every one his mantle, and sprinkled dust on their heads toward heaven.
Numbers 33:50	And the LORD spoke to Moses in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho, saying,
Psalm 78:53	And he led them on safely, so that they feared not: but the sea overwhelmed their enemies.
Psalm 82:5	They know not, neither will they understand; they walk on in darkness: all the foundations of the earth are out of course.
Romans 1:29	Being filled with all unrighteousness, fornication, wickedness, covetousness, maliciousness; full of envy, murder, debate, deceit, malignity; whisperers,
Ezekiel 11:16	Therefore say, Thus said the Lord GOD; Although I have cast them far off among the heathen, and although I have scattered them among the countries, yet will I be to them as a little sanctuary in the countries where they shall come.
Isaiah 17:5	And it shall be as when the harvestman gathers the corn, and reaps the ears with his arm; and it shall be as he that gathers ears in the valley of Rephaim.
Job 38:41	Who provides for the raven his food? when his young ones cry to God, they wander for lack of meat.
1 Chronicles 11:34	The sons of Hashem the Gizonite, Jonathan the son of Shage the Hararite,
Romans 7:11	For sin, taking occasion by the commandment, deceived me, and by it slew me.
Matthew 22:5	But they made light of it, and went their ways, one to his farm, another to his merchandise:
1 Kings 12:26	And Jeroboam said in his heart, Now shall the kingdom return to the house of David:
Numbers 3:9	And you shall give the Levites to Aaron and to his sons: they are wholly given to him out of the children of Israel.
Isaiah 66:18	For I know their works and their thoughts: it shall come, that I will gather all nations and tongues; and they shall come, and see my glory.
Ezekiel 45:23	And seven days of the feast he shall prepare a burnt offering to the LORD, seven bullocks and seven rams without blemish daily the seven days; and a kid of the goats daily for a sin offering.
Mark 6:6	And he marveled because of their unbelief. And he went round about the villages, teaching.
Genesis 31:14	And Rachel and Leah answered and said to him, Is there yet any portion or inheritance for us in our father’s house?
2 Peter 1:21	For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man: but holy men of God spoke as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.
Exodus 39:12	And the third row, a ligure, an agate, and an amethyst.
1 Kings 16:9	And his servant Zimri, captain of half his chariots, conspired against him, as he was in Tirzah, drinking himself drunk in the house of Arza steward of his house in Tirzah.
Genesis 34:25	And it came to pass on the third day, when they were sore, that two of the sons of Jacob, Simeon and Levi, Dinah’s brothers, took each man his sword, and came on the city boldly, and slew all the males.
Luke 24:24	And certain of them which were with us went to the sepulcher, and found it even so as the women had said: but him they saw not.
Deuteronomy 28:39	You shall plant vineyards, and dress them, but shall neither drink of the wine, nor gather the grapes; for the worms shall eat them.
Job 31:13	If I did despise the cause of my manservant or of my maidservant, when they contended with me;
2 Corinthians 13:4	For though he was crucified through weakness, yet he lives by the power of God. For we also are weak in him, but we shall live with him by the power of God toward you.
Job 22:16	Which were cut down out of time, whose foundation was overflowed with a flood:
Psalm 119:121	I have done judgment and justice: leave me not to my oppressors.
1 Samuel 12:25	But if you shall still do wickedly, you shall be consumed, both you and your king.
2 Kings 8:5	And it came to pass, as he was telling the king how he had restored a dead body to life, that, behold, the woman, whose son he had restored to life, cried to the king for her house and for her land. And Gehazi said, My lord, O king, this is the woman, and this is her son, whom Elisha restored to life.
1 Kings 15:15	And he brought in the things which his father had dedicated, and the things which himself had dedicated, into the house of the LORD, silver, and gold, and vessels.
2 Corinthians 11:19	For you suffer fools gladly, seeing you yourselves are wise.
Leviticus 8:33	And you shall not go out of the door of the tabernacle of the congregation in seven days, until the days of your consecration be at an end: for seven days shall he consecrate you.
Ezekiel 16:1	Again the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
1 Chronicles 29:20	And David said to all the congregation, Now bless the LORD your God. And all the congregation blessed the LORD God of their fathers, and bowed down their heads, and worshipped the LORD, and the king.
Psalm 119:122	Be surety for your servant for good: let not the proud oppress me.
Genesis 10:30	And their dwelling was from Mesha, as you go to Sephar a mount of the east.
Ezekiel 16:48	As I live, said the Lord GOD, Sodom your sister has not done, she nor her daughters, as you have done, you and your daughters.
Numbers 2:32	These are those which were numbered of the children of Israel by the house of their fathers: all those that were numbered of the camps throughout their hosts were six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty.
1 Kings 10:17	And he made three hundred shields of beaten gold; three pound of gold went to one shield: and the king put them in the house of the forest of Lebanon.
Ezekiel 38:20	So that the fishes of the sea, and the fowls of the heaven, and the beasts of the field, and all creeping things that creep on the earth, and all the men that are on the face of the earth, shall shake at my presence, and the mountains shall be thrown down, and the steep places shall fall, and every wall shall fall to the ground.
1 Samuel 25:16	They were a wall to us both by night and day, all the while we were with them keeping the sheep.
Genesis 27:2	And he said, Behold now, I am old, I know not the day of my death:
Leviticus 1:15	And the priest shall bring it to the altar, and wring off his head, and burn it on the altar; and the blood thereof shall be wrung out at the side of the altar:
Exodus 30:20	When they go into the tabernacle of the congregation, they shall wash with water, that they die not; or when they come near to the altar to minister, to burn offering made by fire to the LORD:
Jeremiah 46:28	Fear you not, O Jacob my servant, said the LORD: for I am with you; for I will make a full end of all the nations where I have driven you: but I will not make a full end of you, but correct you in measure; yet will I not leave you wholly unpunished.
Leviticus 23:11	And he shall wave the sheaf before the LORD, to be accepted for you: on the morrow after the sabbath the priest shall wave it.
Ezra 2:67	Their camels, four hundred thirty and five; their asses, six thousand seven hundred and twenty.
1 Samuel 26:15	And David said to Abner, Are not you a valiant man? and who is like to you in Israel? why then have you not kept your lord the king? for there came one of the people in to destroy the king your lord.
Ezekiel 30:5	Ethiopia, and Libya, and Lydia, and all the mingled people, and Chub, and the men of the land that is in league, shall fall with them by the sword.
Exodus 15:25	And he cried to the LORD; and the LORD showed him a tree, which when he had cast into the waters, the waters were made sweet: there he made for them a statute and an ordinance, and there he proved them,
Proverbs 14:26	In the fear of the LORD is strong confidence: and his children shall have a place of refuge.
Matthew 28:15	So they took the money, and did as they were taught: and this saying is commonly reported among the Jews until this day.
John 7:3	His brothers therefore said to him, Depart hence, and go into Judaea, that your disciples also may see the works that you do.
Matthew 15:3	But he answered and said to them, Why do you also transgress the commandment of God by your tradition?
Jeremiah 31:2	Thus said the LORD, The people which were left of the sword found grace in the wilderness; even Israel, when I went to cause him to rest.
Acts 15:36	And some days after Paul said to Barnabas, Let us go again and visit our brothers in every city where we have preached the word of the LORD, and see how they do.
Matthew 27:23	And the governor said, Why, what evil has he done? But they cried out the more, saying, Let him be crucified.
1 Samuel 25:17	Now therefore know and consider what you will do; for evil is determined against our master, and against all his household: for he is such a son of Belial, that a man cannot speak to him.
Proverbs 18:21	Death and life are in the power of the tongue: and they that love it shall eat the fruit thereof.
Jeremiah 4:11	At that time shall it be said to this people and to Jerusalem, A dry wind of the high places in the wilderness toward the daughter of my people, not to fan, nor to cleanse,
Isaiah 30:19	For the people shall dwell in Zion at Jerusalem: you shall weep no more: he will be very gracious to you at the voice of your cry; when he shall hear it, he will answer you.
Ezekiel 1:23	And under the firmament were their wings straight, the one toward the other: every one had two, which covered on this side, and every one had two, which covered on that side, their bodies.
Leviticus 14:51	And he shall take the cedar wood, and the hyssop, and the scarlet, and the living bird, and dip them in the blood of the slain bird, and in the running water, and sprinkle the house seven times:
Numbers 33:42	And they departed from Zalmonah, and pitched in Punon.
Proverbs 25:2	It is the glory of God to conceal a thing: but the honor of kings is to search out a matter.
Job 40:9	Have you an arm like God? or can you thunder with a voice like him?
Romans 9:9	For this is the word of promise, At this time will I come, and Sarah shall have a son.
1 Chronicles 16:5	Asaph the chief, and next to him Zechariah, Jeiel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Mattithiah, and Eliab, and Benaiah, and Obededom: and Jeiel with psalteries and with harps; but Asaph made a sound with cymbals;
Job 24:6	They reap every one his corn in the field: and they gather the vintage of the wicked.
Jeremiah 4:1	If you will return, O Israel, said the LORD, return to me: and if you will put away your abominations out of my sight, then shall you not remove.
Joshua 21:25	And out of the half tribe of Manasseh, Tanach with her suburbs, and Gathrimmon with her suburbs; two cities.
Job 30:19	He has cast me into the mire, and I am become like dust and ashes.
Ezekiel 48:9	The oblation that you shall offer to the LORD shall be of five and twenty thousand in length, and of ten thousand in breadth.
Colossians 3:18	Wives, submit yourselves to your own husbands, as it is fit in the Lord.
Isaiah 5:21	Woe to them that are wise in their own eyes, and prudent in their own sight!
Psalm 22:26	The meek shall eat and be satisfied: they shall praise the LORD that seek him: your heart shall live for ever.
Mark 13:5	And Jesus answering them began to say, Take heed lest any man deceive you:
Genesis 6:5	And God saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually.
Ephesians 5:24	Therefore as the church is subject to Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in every thing.
Hebrews 12:11	Now no chastening for the present seems to be joyous, but grievous: nevertheless afterward it yields the peaceable fruit of righteousness to them which are exercised thereby.
Genesis 37:19	And they said one to another, Behold, this dreamer comes.
Jeremiah 7:17	See you not what they do in the cities of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem?
Hosea 2:1	Say you to your brothers, Ammi; and to your sisters, Ruhamah.
Joshua 11:16	So Joshua took all that land, the hills, and all the south country, and all the land of Goshen, and the valley, and the plain, and the mountain of Israel, and the valley of the same;
Matthew 26:21	And as they did eat, he said, Truly I say to you, that one of you shall betray me.
Numbers 18:21	And, behold, I have given the children of Levi all the tenth in Israel for an inheritance, for their service which they serve, even the service of the tabernacle of the congregation.
2 Samuel 19:40	Then the king went on to Gilgal, and Chimham went on with him: and all the people of Judah conducted the king, and also half the people of Israel.
Deuteronomy 22:20	But if this thing be true, and the tokens of virginity be not found for the damsel:
Daniel 3:12	There are certain Jews whom you have set over the affairs of the province of Babylon, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego; these men, O king, have not regarded you: they serve not your gods, nor worship the golden image which you have set up.
Acts 27:8	And, hardly passing it, came to a place which is called The fair havens; near whereunto was the city of Lasea.
1 Chronicles 2:26	Jerahmeel had also another wife, whose name was Atarah; she was the mother of Onam.
Isaiah 48:8	Yes, you heard not; yes, you knew not; yes, from that time that your ear was not opened: for I knew that you would deal very treacherously, and were called a transgressor from the womb.
Judges 10:16	And they put away the strange gods from among them, and served the LORD: and his soul was grieved for the misery of Israel.
James 1:9	Let the brother of low degree rejoice in that he is exalted:
Leviticus 16:15	Then shall he kill the goat of the sin offering, that is for the people, and bring his blood within the veil, and do with that blood as he did with the blood of the bullock, and sprinkle it on the mercy seat, and before the mercy seat:
Job 13:10	He will surely reprove you, if you do secretly accept persons.
1 Chronicles 11:45	Jediael the son of Shimri, and Joha his brother, the Tizite,
Ecclesiastes 2:9	So I was great, and increased more than all that were before me in Jerusalem: also my wisdom remained with me.
Psalm 119:38	Establish your word to your servant, who is devoted to your fear.
Jeremiah 25:17	Then took I the cup at the LORD’s hand, and made all the nations to drink, to whom the LORD had sent me:
2 Timothy 2:1	You therefore, my son, be strong in the grace that is in Christ Jesus.
Luke 9:3	And he said to them, Take nothing for your journey, neither staves, nor money, neither bread, neither money; neither have two coats apiece.
Ezekiel 28:3	Behold, you are wiser than Daniel; there is no secret that they can hide from you:
Judges 10:1	And after Abimelech there arose to defend Israel Tola the son of Puah, the son of Dodo, a man of Issachar; and he dwelled in Shamir in mount Ephraim.
Job 4:14	Fear came on me, and trembling, which made all my bones to shake.
2 Kings 14:3	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, yet not like David his father: he did according to all things as Joash his father did.
Psalm 71:7	I am as a wonder to many; but you are my strong refuge.
Exodus 39:25	And they made bells of pure gold, and put the bells between the pomegranates on the hem of the robe, round about between the pomegranates;
Genesis 4:24	If Cain shall be avenged sevenfold, truly Lamech seventy and sevenfold.
Joshua 10:41	And Joshua smote them from Kadeshbarnea even to Gaza, and all the country of Goshen, even to Gibeon.
1 Kings 3:9	Give therefore your servant an understanding heart to judge your people, that I may discern between good and bad: for who is able to judge this your so great a people?
1 Corinthians 10:15	I speak as to wise men; judge you what I say.
Ecclesiastes 3:14	I know that, whatever God does, it shall be for ever: nothing can be put to it, nor any thing taken from it: and God does it, that men should fear before him.
Psalm 31:20	You shall hide them in the secret of your presence from the pride of man: you shall keep them secretly in a pavilion from the strife of tongues.
2 Samuel 15:31	And one told David, saying, Ahithophel is among the conspirators with Absalom. And David said, O LORD, I pray you, turn the counsel of Ahithophel into foolishness.
Exodus 21:20	And if a man smite his servant, or his maid, with a rod, and he die under his hand; he shall be surely punished.
Leviticus 25:10	And you shall hallow the fiftieth year, and proclaim liberty throughout all the land to all the inhabitants thereof: it shall be a jubilee to you; and you shall return every man to his possession, and you shall return every man to his family.
Ezekiel 38:14	Therefore, son of man, prophesy and say to Gog, Thus said the Lord GOD; In that day when my people of Israel dwells safely, shall you not know it?
Jeremiah 44:18	But since we left off to burn incense to the queen of heaven, and to pour out drink offerings to her, we have wanted all things, and have been consumed by the sword and by the famine.
Ecclesiastes 4:14	For out of prison he comes to reign; whereas also he that is born in his kingdom becomes poor.
Proverbs 27:13	Take his garment that is surety for a stranger, and take a pledge of him for a strange woman.
Job 6:9	Even that it would please God to destroy me; that he would let loose his hand, and cut me off!
Isaiah 25:1	O Lord, you are my God; I will exalt you, I will praise your name; for you have done wonderful things; your counsels of old are faithfulness and truth.
Matthew 11:22	But I say to you, It shall be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon at the day of judgment, than for you.
Genesis 45:19	Now you are commanded, this do you; take you wagons out of the land of Egypt for your little ones, and for your wives, and bring your father, and come.
Acts 9:31	Then had the churches rest throughout all Judaea and Galilee and Samaria, and were edified; and walking in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, were multiplied.
Jeremiah 18:10	If it do evil in my sight, that it obey not my voice, then I will repent of the good, with which I said I would benefit them.
2 Chronicles 23:5	And a third part shall be at the king’s house; and a third part at the gate of the foundation: and all the people shall be in the courts of the house of the LORD.
Proverbs 16:11	A just weight and balance are the LORD’s: all the weights of the bag are his work.
Joshua 19:46	And Mejarkon, and Rakkon, with the border before Japho.
Exodus 14:20	And it came between the camp of the Egyptians and the camp of Israel; and it was a cloud and darkness to them, but it gave light by night to these: so that the one came not near the other all the night.
1 Chronicles 5:3	The sons, I say, of Reuben the firstborn of Israel were, Hanoch, and Pallu, Hezron, and Carmi.
Deuteronomy 26:19	And to make you high above all nations which he has made, in praise, and in name, and in honor; and that you may be an holy people to the LORD your God, as he has spoken.
Colossians 1:26	Even the mystery which has been hid from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints:
Acts 9:35	And all that dwelled at Lydda and Saron saw him, and turned to the Lord.
Zechariah 1:8	I saw by night, and behold a man riding on a red horse, and he stood among the myrtle trees that were in the bottom; and behind him were there red horses, speckled, and white.
Luke 16:12	And if you have not been faithful in that which is another man’s, who shall give you that which is your own?
Ezekiel 11:20	That they may walk in my statutes, and keep my ordinances, and do them: and they shall be my people, and I will be their God.
Mark 6:56	And wherever he entered, into villages, or cities, or country, they laid the sick in the streets, and sought him that they might touch if it were but the border of his garment: and as many as touched him were made whole.
James 4:7	Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you.
Judges 14:9	And he took thereof in his hands, and went on eating, and came to his father and mother, and he gave them, and they did eat: but he told not them that he had taken the honey out of the carcass of the lion.
Ezekiel 28:4	With your wisdom and with your understanding you have gotten you riches, and have gotten gold and silver into your treasures:
2 Kings 7:16	And the people went out, and spoiled the tents of the Syrians. So a measure of fine flour was sold for a shekel, and two measures of barley for a shekel, according to the word of the LORD.
Jeremiah 11:17	For the LORD of hosts, that planted you, has pronounced evil against you, for the evil of the house of Israel and of the house of Judah, which they have done against themselves to provoke me to anger in offering incense to Baal.
Jeremiah 28:2	Thus speaks the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, saying, I have broken the yoke of the king of Babylon.
Isaiah 54:12	And I will make your windows of agates, and your gates of carbuncles, and all your borders of pleasant stones.
Numbers 6:19	And the priest shall take the sodden shoulder of the ram, and one unleavened cake out of the basket, and one unleavened wafer, and shall put them on the hands of the Nazarite, after the hair of his separation is shaven:
2 Kings 17:22	For the children of Israel walked in all the sins of Jeroboam which he did; they departed not from them;
2 Samuel 23:16	And the three mighty men broke through the host of the Philistines, and drew water out of the well of Bethlehem, that was by the gate, and took it, and brought it to David: nevertheless he would not drink thereof, but poured it out to the LORD.
Genesis 36:15	These were dukes of the sons of Esau: the sons of Eliphaz the firstborn son of Esau; duke Teman, duke Omar, duke Zepho, duke Kenaz,
Genesis 20:12	And yet indeed she is my sister; she is the daughter of my father, but not the daughter of my mother; and she became my wife.
John 7:1	After these things Jesus walked in Galilee: for he would not walk in Jewry, because the Jews sought to kill him.
Psalm 25:1	To you, O LORD, do I lift up my soul.
Hosea 4:16	For Israel slides back as a backsliding heifer: now the LORD will feed them as a lamb in a large place.
Hebrews 12:1	Why seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight, and the sin which does so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us,
2 Chronicles 34:25	Because they have forsaken me, and have burned incense to other gods, that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands; therefore my wrath shall be poured out on this place, and shall not be quenched.
1 Corinthians 15:18	Then they also which are fallen asleep in Christ are perished.
1 Kings 3:7	And now, O LORD my God, you have made your servant king instead of David my father: and I am but a little child: I know not how to go out or come in.
Psalm 50:10	For every beast of the forest is mine, and the cattle on a thousand hills.
Ezekiel 36:25	Then will I sprinkle clean water on you, and you shall be clean: from all your filthiness, and from all your idols, will I cleanse you.
Ezra 2:52	The children of Bazluth, the children of Mehida, the children of Harsha,
Esther 9:31	To confirm these days of Purim in their times appointed, according as Mordecai the Jew and Esther the queen had enjoined them, and as they had decreed for themselves and for their seed, the matters of the fastings and their cry.
Genesis 43:17	And the man did as Joseph bade; and the man brought the men into Joseph’s house.
1 Corinthians 14:20	Brothers, be not children in understanding: however, in malice be you children, but in understanding be men.
Leviticus 4:13	And if the whole congregation of Israel sin through ignorance, and the thing be hid from the eyes of the assembly, and they have done somewhat against any of the commandments of the LORD concerning things which should not be done, and are guilty;
Genesis 36:10	These are the names of Esau’s sons; Eliphaz the son of Adah the wife of Esau, Reuel the son of Bashemath the wife of Esau.
1 Corinthians 9:8	Say I these things as a man? or said not the law the same also?
Exodus 17:1	And all the congregation of the children of Israel journeyed from the wilderness of Sin, after their journeys, according to the commandment of the LORD, and pitched in Rephidim: and there was no water for the people to drink.
Ezekiel 10:5	And the sound of the cherubims’ wings was heard even to the outer court, as the voice of the Almighty God when he speaks.
Nehemiah 7:39	The priests: the children of Jedaiah, of the house of Jeshua, nine hundred seventy and three.
2 Samuel 6:20	Then David returned to bless his household. And Michal the daughter of Saul came out to meet David, and said, How glorious was the king of Israel to day, who uncovered himself to day in the eyes of the handmaids of his servants, as one of the vain fellows shamelessly uncovers himself!
2 Samuel 20:12	And Amasa wallowed in blood in the middle of the highway. And when the man saw that all the people stood still, he removed Amasa out of the highway into the field, and cast a cloth on him, when he saw that every one that came by him stood still.
Acts 18:3	And because he was of the same craft, he stayed with them, and worked: for by their occupation they were tentmakers.
Exodus 38:18	And the hanging for the gate of the court was needlework, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen: and twenty cubits was the length, and the height in the breadth was five cubits, answerable to the hangings of the court.
Job 6:20	They were confounded because they had hoped; they came thither, and were ashamed.
Luke 22:65	And many other things blasphemously spoke they against him.
Numbers 1:8	Of Issachar; Nethaneel the son of Zuar.
Luke 13:18	Then said he, To what is the kingdom of God like? and whereunto shall I resemble it?
Mark 16:15	And he said to them, Go you into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.
Psalm 22:25	My praise shall be of you in the great congregation: I will pay my vows before them that fear him.
Esther 4:7	And Mordecai told him of all that had happened to him, and of the sum of the money that Haman had promised to pay to the king’s treasuries for the Jews, to destroy them.
Psalm 119:147	I prevented the dawning of the morning, and cried: I hoped in your word.
Mark 6:53	And when they had passed over, they came into the land of Gennesaret, and drew to the shore.
Luke 1:46	And Mary said, My soul does magnify the Lord,
Nehemiah 7:35	The children of Harim, three hundred and twenty.
Isaiah 41:13	For I the LORD your God will hold your right hand, saying to you, Fear not; I will help you.
Luke 3:34	Which was the son of Jacob, which was the son of Isaac, which was the son of Abraham, which was the son of Thara, which was the son of Nachor,
Isaiah 8:21	And they shall pass through it, hardly bestead and hungry: and it shall come to pass, that when they shall be hungry, they shall fret themselves, and curse their king and their God, and look upward.
Hebrews 11:32	And what shall I more say? for the time would fail me to tell of Gedeon, and of Barak, and of Samson, and of Jephthae; of David also, and Samuel, and of the prophets:
Genesis 29:32	And Leah conceived, and bore a son, and she called his name Reuben: for she said, Surely the LORD has looked on my affliction; now therefore my husband will love me.
Esther 9:21	To establish this among them, that they should keep the fourteenth day of the month Adar, and the fifteenth day of the same, yearly,
2 Chronicles 34:13	Also they were over the bearers of burdens, and were overseers of all that worked the work in any manner of service: and of the Levites there were scribes, and officers, and porters.
Joshua 15:55	Maon, Carmel, and Ziph, and Juttah,
1 Corinthians 1:30	But of him are you in Christ Jesus, who of God is made to us wisdom, and righteousness, and sanctification, and redemption:
Deuteronomy 24:16	The fathers shall not be put to death for the children, neither shall the children be put to death for the fathers: every man shall be put to death for his own sin.
Matthew 13:20	But he that received the seed into stony places, the same is he that hears the word, and immediately with joy receives it;
Matthew 10:36	And a man’s foes shall be they of his own household.
2 Kings 2:17	And when they urged him till he was ashamed, he said, Send. They sent therefore fifty men; and they sought three days, but found him not.
2 Chronicles 34:30	And the king went up into the house of the LORD, and all the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and the priests, and the Levites, and all the people, great and small: and he read in their ears all the words of the book of the covenant that was found in the house of the LORD.
Jeremiah 11:7	For I earnestly protested to your fathers in the day that I brought them up out of the land of Egypt, even to this day, rising early and protesting, saying, Obey my voice.
Joshua 16:8	The border went out from Tappuah westward to the river Kanah; and the goings out thereof were at the sea. This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Ephraim by their families.
Jeremiah 10:25	Pour out your fury on the heathen that know you not, and on the families that call not on your name: for they have eaten up Jacob, and devoured him, and consumed him, and have made his habitation desolate.
Proverbs 15:31	The ear that hears the reproof of life stays among the wise.
Leviticus 18:10	The nakedness of your son’s daughter, or of your daughter’s daughter, even their nakedness you shall not uncover: for theirs is your own nakedness.
Psalm 29:11	The LORD will give strength to his people; the LORD will bless his people with peace.
Psalm 22:23	You that fear the LORD, praise him; all you the seed of Jacob, glorify him; and fear him, all you the seed of Israel.
1 John 4:3	And every spirit that confesses not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God: and this is that spirit of antichrist, whereof you have heard that it should come; and even now already is it in the world.
Judges 8:24	And Gideon said to them, I would desire a request of you, that you would give me every man the earrings of his prey. (For they had golden earrings, because they were Ishmaelites.)
Job 29:14	I put on righteousness, and it clothed me: my judgment was as a robe and a diadem.
1 Samuel 2:29	Why kick you at my sacrifice and at my offering, which I have commanded in my habitation; and honor your sons above me, to make yourselves fat with the most chief of all the offerings of Israel my people?
1 Kings 4:14	Ahinadab the son of Iddo had Mahanaim:
1 Samuel 2:6	The LORD kills, and makes alive: he brings down to the grave, and brings up.
Acts 18:2	And found a certain Jew named Aquila, born in Pontus, lately come from Italy, with his wife Priscilla; (because that Claudius had commanded all Jews to depart from Rome:) and came to them.
2 Kings 17:38	And the covenant that I have made with you you shall not forget; neither shall you fear other gods.
Genesis 37:26	And Judah said to his brothers, What profit is it if we slay our brother, and conceal his blood?
Acts 4:8	Then Peter, filled with the Holy Ghost, said to them, You rulers of the people, and elders of Israel,
1 Chronicles 29:7	And gave for the service of the house of God of gold five thousand talents and ten thousand drams, and of silver ten thousand talents, and of brass eighteen thousand talents, and one hundred thousand talents of iron.
1 Chronicles 12:35	And of the Danites expert in war twenty and eight thousand and six hundred.
Ezekiel 34:31	And you my flock, the flock of my pasture, are men, and I am your God, said the Lord GOD.
2 Chronicles 4:8	He made also ten tables, and placed them in the temple, five on the right side, and five on the left. And he made an hundred basins of gold.
Judges 9:49	And all the people likewise cut down every man his bough, and followed Abimelech, and put them to the hold, and set the hold on fire on them; so that all the men of the tower of Shechem died also, about a thousand men and women.
Nehemiah 9:19	Yet you in your manifold mercies forsook them not in the wilderness: the pillar of the cloud departed not from them by day, to lead them in the way; neither the pillar of fire by night, to show them light, and the way wherein they should go.
Matthew 26:2	You know that after two days is the feast of the passover, and the Son of man is betrayed to be crucified.
Matthew 19:21	Jesus said to him, If you will be perfect, go and sell that you have, and give to the poor, and you shall have treasure in heaven: and come and follow me.
Job 8:7	Though your beginning was small, yet your latter end should greatly increase.
Ezekiel 40:3	And he brought me thither, and, behold, there was a man, whose appearance was like the appearance of brass, with a line of flax in his hand, and a measuring reed; and he stood in the gate.
Matthew 5:40	And if any man will sue you at the law, and take away your coat, let him have your cloak also.
Job 20:5	That the triumphing of the wicked is short, and the joy of the hypocrite but for a moment?
Jeremiah 7:29	Cut off your hair, O Jerusalem, and cast it away, and take up a lamentation on high places; for the LORD has rejected and forsaken the generation of his wrath.
2 Chronicles 36:22	Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, that the word of the LORD spoken by the mouth of Jeremiah might be accomplished, the LORD stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and put it also in writing, saying,
1 Kings 21:12	They proclaimed a fast, and set Naboth on high among the people.
2 Kings 11:7	And two parts of all you that go forth on the sabbath, even they shall keep the watch of the house of the LORD about the king.
2 Kings 6:26	And as the king of Israel was passing by on the wall, there cried a woman to him, saying, Help, my lord, O king.
Leviticus 17:11	For the life of the flesh is in the blood: and I have given it to you on the altar to make an atonement for your souls: for it is the blood that makes an atonement for the soul.
Joshua 13:19	And Kirjathaim, and Sibmah, and Zarethshahar in the mount of the valley,
1 John 3:3	And every man that has this hope in him purifies himself, even as he is pure.
Luke 9:27	But I tell you of a truth, there be some standing here, which shall not taste of death, till they see the kingdom of God.
Matthew 22:9	Go you therefore into the highways, and as many as you shall find, bid to the marriage.
2 Kings 3:9	So the king of Israel went, and the king of Judah, and the king of Edom: and they fetched a compass of seven days’ journey: and there was no water for the host, and for the cattle that followed them.
Genesis 5:13	And Cainan lived after he begat Mahalaleel eight hundred and forty years, and begat sons and daughters:
John 13:24	Simon Peter therefore beckoned to him, that he should ask who it should be of whom he spoke.
1 Samuel 22:4	And he brought them before the king of Moab: and they dwelled with him all the while that David was in the hold.
1 John 5:1	Whoever believes that Jesus is the Christ is born of God: and every one that loves him that begat loves him also that is begotten of him.
Acts 18:18	And Paul after this tarried there yet a good while, and then took his leave of the brothers, and sailed there into Syria, and with him Priscilla and Aquila; having shorn his head in Cenchrea: for he had a vow.
Psalm 119:48	My hands also will I lift up to your commandments, which I have loved; and I will meditate in your statutes.
Revelation 20:8	And shall go out to deceive the nations which are in the four quarters of the earth, Gog, and Magog, to gather them together to battle: the number of whom is as the sand of the sea.
Genesis 47:4	They said morever to Pharaoh, For to sojourn in the land are we come; for your servants have no pasture for their flocks; for the famine is sore in the land of Canaan: now therefore, we pray you, let your servants dwell in the land of Goshen.
Leviticus 1:3	If his offering be a burnt sacrifice of the herd, let him offer a male without blemish: he shall offer it of his own voluntary will at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before the LORD.
Exodus 36:8	And every wise hearted man among them that worked the work of the tabernacle made ten curtains of fine twined linen, and blue, and purple, and scarlet: with cherubim of cunning work made he them.
Acts 26:12	Whereupon as I went to Damascus with authority and commission from the chief priests,
Luke 17:25	But first must he suffer many things, and be rejected of this generation.
1 Chronicles 19:5	Then there went certain, and told David how the men were served. And he sent to meet them: for the men were greatly ashamed. And the king said, Tarry at Jericho until your beards be grown, and then return.
Numbers 13:28	Nevertheless the people be strong that dwell in the land, and the cities are walled, and very great: and moreover we saw the children of Anak there.
Joshua 3:2	And it came to pass after three days, that the officers went through the host;
2 Kings 14:29	And Jeroboam slept with his fathers, even with the kings of Israel; and Zachariah his son reigned in his stead.
John 12:50	And I know that his commandment is life everlasting: whatever I speak therefore, even as the Father said to me, so I speak.
Mark 13:4	Tell us, when shall these things be? and what shall be the sign when all these things shall be fulfilled?
Luke 7:3	And when he heard of Jesus, he sent to him the elders of the Jews, beseeching him that he would come and heal his servant.
Jeremiah 6:12	And their houses shall be turned to others, with their fields and wives together: for I will stretch out my hand on the inhabitants of the land, said the LORD.
Song of Solomon 1:9	I have compared you, O my love, to a company of horses in Pharaoh’s chariots.
Ezekiel 30:10	Thus said the Lord GOD; I will also make the multitude of Egypt to cease by the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon.
John 17:13	And now come I to you; and these things I speak in the world, that they might have my joy fulfilled in themselves.
Habakkuk 3:18	Yet I will rejoice in the LORD, I will joy in the God of my salvation.
John 8:51	Truly, truly, I say to you, If a man keep my saying, he shall never see death.
Isaiah 36:15	Neither let Hezekiah make you trust in the LORD, saying, The LORD will surely deliver us: this city shall not be delivered into the hand of the king of Assyria.
Ezekiel 16:46	And your elder sister is Samaria, she and her daughters that dwell at your left hand: and your younger sister, that dwells at your right hand, is Sodom and her daughters.
Matthew 4:20	And they straightway left their nets, and followed him.
Ezekiel 40:38	And the chambers and the entries thereof were by the posts of the gates, where they washed the burnt offering.
Esther 3:2	And all the king’s servants, that were in the king’s gate, bowed, and reverenced Haman: for the king had so commanded concerning him. But Mordecai bowed not, nor did him reverence.
1 Thessalonians 1:8	For from you sounded out the word of the Lord not only in Macedonia and Achaia, but also in every place your faith to God-ward is spread abroad; so that we need not to speak any thing.
Job 19:7	Behold, I cry out of wrong, but I am not heard: I cry aloud, but there is no judgment.
2 Chronicles 31:10	And Azariah the chief priest of the house of Zadok answered him, and said, Since the people began to bring the offerings into the house of the LORD, we have had enough to eat, and have left plenty: for the LORD has blessed his people; and that which is left is this great store.
Acts 21:19	And when he had saluted them, he declared particularly what things God had worked among the Gentiles by his ministry.
John 10:40	And went away again beyond Jordan into the place where John at first baptized; and there he stayed.
Esther 1:12	But the queen Vashti refused to come at the king’s commandment by his chamberlains: therefore was the king very wroth, and his anger burned in him.
Ephesians 5:18	And be not drunk with wine, wherein is excess; but be filled with the Spirit;
Deuteronomy 6:6	And these words, which I command you this day, shall be in your heart:
Revelation 20:5	But the rest of the dead lived not again until the thousand years were finished. This is the first resurrection.
1 Chronicles 11:41	Uriah the Hittite, Zabad the son of Ahlai,
Leviticus 14:39	And the priest shall come again the seventh day, and shall look: and, behold, if the plague be spread in the walls of the house;
Luke 4:16	And he came to Nazareth, where he had been brought up: and, as his custom was, he went into the synagogue on the sabbath day, and stood up for to read.
Luke 2:11	For to you is born this day in the city of David a Savior, which is Christ the Lord.
Numbers 1:17	And Moses and Aaron took these men which are expressed by their names:
Psalm 104:21	The young lions roar after their prey, and seek their meat from God.
Ezekiel 13:14	So will I break down the wall that you have daubed with untempered mortar, and bring it down to the ground, so that the foundation thereof shall be discovered, and it shall fall, and you shall be consumed in the middle thereof: and you shall know that I am the LORD.
Psalm 89:38	But you have cast off and abhorred, you have been wroth with your anointed.
Proverbs 2:5	Then shall you understand the fear of the LORD, and find the knowledge of God.
Exodus 37:14	Over against the border were the rings, the places for the staves to bear the table.
Deuteronomy 17:19	And it shall be with him, and he shall read therein all the days of his life: that he may learn to fear the LORD his God, to keep all the words of this law and these statutes, to do them:
1 Thessalonians 1:10	And to wait for his Son from heaven, whom he raised from the dead, even Jesus, which delivered us from the wrath to come.
Ezra 2:25	The children of Kirjatharim, Chephirah, and Beeroth, seven hundred and forty and three.
Exodus 4:9	And it shall come to pass, if they will not believe also these two signs, neither listen to your voice, that you shall take of the water of the river, and pour it on the dry land: and the water which you take out of the river shall become blood on the dry land.
Jeremiah 14:6	And the wild asses did stand in the high places, they snuffed up the wind like dragons; their eyes did fail, because there was no grass.
Deuteronomy 28:32	Your sons and your daughters shall be given to another people, and your eyes shall look, and fail with longing for them all the day long; and there shall be no might in your hand.
Leviticus 18:29	For whoever shall commit any of these abominations, even the souls that commit them shall be cut off from among their people.
Isaiah 30:21	And your ears shall hear a word behind you, saying, This is the way, walk you in it, when you turn to the right hand, and when you turn to the left.
Ezra 10:27	And of the sons of Zattu; Elioenai, Eliashib, Mattaniah, and Jeremoth, and Zabad, and Aziza.
Isaiah 58:7	Is it not to deal your bread to the hungry, and that you bring the poor that are cast out to your house? when you see the naked, that you cover him; and that you hide not yourself from your own flesh?
Ezekiel 6:14	So will I stretch out my hand on them, and make the land desolate, yes, more desolate than the wilderness toward Diblath, in all their habitations: and they shall know that I am the LORD.
Matthew 19:15	And he laid his hands on them, and departed there.
Exodus 25:37	And you shall make the seven lamps thereof: and they shall light the lamps thereof, that they may give light over against it.
John 12:45	And he that sees me sees him that sent me.
Psalm 76:5	The stouthearted are spoiled, they have slept their sleep: and none of the men of might have found their hands.
Exodus 29:7	Then shall you take the anointing oil, and pour it on his head, and anoint him.
Amos 1:4	But I will send a fire into the house of Hazael, which shall devour the palaces of Benhadad.
Galatians 4:23	But he who was of the female slave was born after the flesh; but he of the free woman was by promise.
1 Samuel 22:15	Did I then begin to inquire of God for him? be it far from me: let not the king impute any thing to his servant, nor to all the house of my father: for your servant knew nothing of all this, less or more.
1 Kings 16:20	Now the rest of the acts of Zimri, and his treason that he worked, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
1 Chronicles 6:47	The son of Mahli, the son of Mushi, the son of Merari, the son of Levi.
1 Chronicles 1:29	These are their generations: The firstborn of Ishmael, Nebaioth; then Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam,
Matthew 3:10	And now also the ax is laid to the root of the trees: therefore every tree which brings not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.
Psalm 9:10	And they that know your name will put their trust in you: for you, LORD, have not forsaken them that seek you.
Proverbs 10:17	He is in the way of life that keeps instruction: but he that refuses reproof errs.
2 Chronicles 9:23	And all the kings of the earth sought the presence of Solomon, to hear his wisdom, that God had put in his heart.
Psalm 37:36	Yet he passed away, and, see, he was not: yes, I sought him, but he could not be found.
1 Timothy 4:14	Neglect not the gift that is in you, which was given you by prophecy, with the laying on of the hands of the presbytery.
Isaiah 32:1	Behold, a king shall reign in righteousness, and princes shall rule in judgment.
Hebrews 3:10	Why I was grieved with that generation, and said, They do always err in their heart; and they have not known my ways.
2 Samuel 2:32	And they took up Asahel, and buried him in the sepulcher of his father, which was in Bethlehem. And Joab and his men went all night, and they came to Hebron at break of day.
Psalm 45:9	Kings’ daughters were among your honorable women: on your right hand did stand the queen in gold of Ophir.
1 Kings 1:43	And Jonathan answered and said to Adonijah, Truly our lord king David has made Solomon king.
Proverbs 7:14	I have peace offerings with me; this day have I paid my vows.
1 Chronicles 11:31	Ithai the son of Ribai of Gibeah, that pertained to the children of Benjamin, Benaiah the Pirathonite,
Isaiah 32:16	Then judgment shall dwell in the wilderness, and righteousness remain in the fruitful field.
2 Kings 4:27	And when she came to the man of God to the hill, she caught him by the feet: but Gehazi came near to thrust her away. And the man of God said, Let her alone; for her soul is vexed within her: and the LORD has hid it from me, and has not told me.
Ezekiel 9:5	And to the others he said in my hearing, Go you after him through the city, and smite: let not your eye spare, neither have you pity:
2 Kings 17:27	Then the king of Assyria commanded, saying, Carry thither one of the priests whom you brought from there; and let them go and dwell there, and let him teach them the manner of the God of the land.
1 Samuel 18:16	But all Israel and Judah loved David, because he went out and came in before them.
Matthew 26:3	Then assembled together the chief priests, and the scribes, and the elders of the people, to the palace of the high priest, who was called Caiaphas,
Job 35:16	Therefore does Job open his mouth in vain; he multiplies words without knowledge.
John 8:21	Then said Jesus again to them, I go my way, and you shall seek me, and shall die in your sins: where I go, you cannot come.
Luke 21:27	And then shall they see the Son of man coming in a cloud with power and great glory.
Psalm 37:2	For they shall soon be cut down like the grass, and wither as the green herb.
Jeremiah 34:11	But afterward they turned, and caused the servants and the handmaids, whom they had let go free, to return, and brought them into subjection for servants and for handmaids.
John 9:38	And he said, Lord, I believe. And he worshipped him.
Exodus 16:3	And the children of Israel said to them, Would to God we had died by the hand of the LORD in the land of Egypt, when we sat by the flesh pots, and when we did eat bread to the full; for you have brought us forth into this wilderness, to kill this whole assembly with hunger.
Jeremiah 18:9	And at what instant I shall speak concerning a nation, and concerning a kingdom, to build and to plant it;
1 Samuel 2:30	Why the LORD God of Israel said, I said indeed that your house, and the house of your father, should walk before me for ever: but now the LORD said, Be it far from me; for them that honor me I will honor, and they that despise me shall be lightly esteemed.
Matthew 1:8	And Asa begat Josaphat; and Josaphat begat Joram; and Joram begat Ozias;
Mark 6:12	And they went out, and preached that men should repent.
Zechariah 14:13	And it shall come to pass in that day, that a great tumult from the LORD shall be among them; and they shall lay hold every one on the hand of his neighbor, and his hand shall rise up against the hand of his neighbor.
Revelation 12:5	And she brought forth a man child, who was to rule all nations with a rod of iron: and her child was caught up to God, and to his throne.
Luke 14:20	And another said, I have married a wife, and therefore I cannot come.
Luke 22:70	Then said they all, Are you then the Son of God? And he said to them, You say that I am.
Leviticus 13:16	Or if the raw flesh turn again, and be changed to white, he shall come to the priest;
Joshua 8:23	And the king of Ai they took alive, and brought him to Joshua.
Romans 4:25	Who was delivered for our offenses, and was raised again for our justification.
Daniel 9:23	At the beginning of your supplications the commandment came forth, and I am come to show you; for you are greatly beloved: therefore understand the matter, and consider the vision.
2 Samuel 23:36	Igal the son of Nathan of Zobah, Bani the Gadite,
Joshua 5:3	And Joshua made him sharp knives, and circumcised the children of Israel at the hill of the foreskins.
1 Chronicles 21:4	Nevertheless the king’s word prevailed against Joab. Why Joab departed, and went throughout all Israel, and came to Jerusalem.
Nahum 2:7	And Huzzab shall be led away captive, she shall be brought up, and her maids shall lead her as with the voice of doves, beating on their breasts.
Luke 21:31	So likewise you, when you see these things come to pass, know you that the kingdom of God is near at hand.
Joshua 5:10	And the children of Israel encamped in Gilgal, and kept the passover on the fourteenth day of the month at even in the plains of Jericho.
Leviticus 15:17	And every garment, and every skin, where on is the seed of copulation, shall be washed with water, and be unclean until the even.
Joshua 19:42	And Shaalabbin, and Ajalon, and Jethlah,
1 Chronicles 6:73	And Ramoth with her suburbs, and Anem with her suburbs:
Psalm 46:10	Be still, and know that I am God: I will be exalted among the heathen, I will be exalted in the earth.
Matthew 13:50	And shall cast them into the furnace of fire: there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth.
Lamentations 3:8	Also when I cry and shout, he shuts out my prayer.
Exodus 37:23	And he made his seven lamps, and his snuffers, and his firepans, of pure gold.
Leviticus 17:9	And brings it not to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, to offer it to the LORD; even that man shall be cut off from among his people.
Hosea 1:2	The beginning of the word of the LORD by Hosea. And the LORD said to Hosea, Go, take to you a wife of prostitutions and children of prostitutions: for the land has committed great prostitution, departing from the LORD.
Luke 23:27	And there followed him a great company of people, and of women, which also bewailed and lamented him.
Psalm 47:5	God is gone up with a shout, the LORD with the sound of a trumpet.
Psalm 107:28	Then they cry to the LORD in their trouble, and he brings them out of their distresses.
Ezekiel 6:1	And the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Proverbs 8:28	When he established the clouds above: when he strengthened the fountains of the deep:
Job 28:1	Surely there is a vein for the silver, and a place for gold where they fine it.
Genesis 21:6	And Sarah said, God has made me to laugh, so that all that hear will laugh with me.
Isaiah 33:8	The highways lie waste, the wayfaring man ceases: he has broken the covenant, he has despised the cities, he regards no man.
Psalm 44:7	But you have saved us from our enemies, and have put them to shame that hated us.
Numbers 9:11	The fourteenth day of the second month at even they shall keep it, and eat it with unleavened bread and bitter herbs.
Jeremiah 2:10	For pass over the isles of Chittim, and see; and send to Kedar, and consider diligently, and see if there be such a thing.
2 Samuel 15:14	And David said to all his servants that were with him at Jerusalem, Arise, and let us flee; for we shall not else escape from Absalom: make speed to depart, lest he overtake us suddenly, and bring evil on us, and smite the city with the edge of the sword.
Mark 6:19	Therefore Herodias had a quarrel against him, and would have killed him; but she could not:
1 Kings 20:30	But the rest fled to Aphek, into the city; and there a wall fell on twenty and seven thousand of the men that were left. And Benhadad fled, and came into the city, into an inner chamber.
Isaiah 14:24	The LORD of hosts has sworn, saying, Surely as I have thought, so shall it come to pass; and as I have purposed, so shall it stand:
Colossians 3:16	Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom; teaching and admonishing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing with grace in your hearts to the Lord.
Matthew 12:15	But when Jesus knew it, he withdrew himself from there: and great multitudes followed him, and he healed them all;
Jeremiah 51:41	How is Sheshach taken! and how is the praise of the whole earth surprised! how is Babylon become an astonishment among the nations!
Genesis 38:26	And Judah acknowledged them, and said, She has been more righteous than I; because that I gave her not to Shelah my son. And he knew her again no more.
Deuteronomy 29:12	That you should enter into covenant with the LORD your God, and into his oath, which the LORD your God makes with you this day:
Job 30:22	You lift me up to the wind; you cause me to ride on it, and dissolve my substance.
1 Corinthians 15:54	So when this corruptible shall have put on incorruption, and this mortal shall have put on immortality, then shall be brought to pass the saying that is written, Death is swallowed up in victory.
Romans 4:7	Saying, Blessed are they whose iniquities are forgiven, and whose sins are covered.
Genesis 23:13	And he spoke to Ephron in the audience of the people of the land, saying, But if you will give it, I pray you, hear me: I will give you money for the field; take it of me, and I will bury my dead there.
Exodus 40:7	And you shall set the laver between the tent of the congregation and the altar, and shall put water therein.
Revelation 20:12	And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God; and the books were opened: and another book was opened, which is the book of life: and the dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books, according to their works.
2 Samuel 3:15	And Ishbosheth sent, and took her from her husband, even from Phaltiel the son of Laish.
Ezekiel 34:15	I will feed my flock, and I will cause them to lie down, said the Lord GOD.
Psalm 74:6	But now they break down the carved work thereof at once with axes and hammers.
Leviticus 20:23	And you shall not walk in the manners of the nation, which I cast out before you: for they committed all these things, and therefore I abhorred them.
Joshua 22:14	And with him ten princes, of each chief house a prince throughout all the tribes of Israel; and each one was an head of the house of their fathers among the thousands of Israel.
Deuteronomy 24:10	When you do lend your brother any thing, you shall not go into his house to fetch his pledge.
John 1:41	He first finds his own brother Simon, and said to him, We have found the Messias, which is, being interpreted, the Christ.
Romans 6:9	Knowing that Christ being raised from the dead dies no more; death has no more dominion over him.
Matthew 24:17	Let him which is on the housetop not come down to take any thing out of his house:
Exodus 10:3	And Moses and Aaron came in to Pharaoh, and said to him, Thus said the LORD God of the Hebrews, How long will you refuse to humble yourself before me? let my people go, that they may serve me.
1 John 1:2	(For the life was manifested, and we have seen it, and bear witness, and show to you that eternal life, which was with the Father, and was manifested to us;)
1 Samuel 3:4	That the LORD called Samuel: and he answered, Here am I.
Psalm 31:24	Be of good courage, and he shall strengthen your heart, all you that hope in the LORD.
Genesis 44:6	And he overtook them, and he spoke to them these same words.
1 Corinthians 4:9	For I think that God has set forth us the apostles last, as it were appointed to death: for we are made a spectacle to the world, and to angels, and to men.
Exodus 23:28	And I will send hornets before you, which shall drive out the Hivite, the Canaanite, and the Hittite, from before you.
Ecclesiastes 5:10	He that loves silver shall not be satisfied with silver; nor he that loves abundance with increase: this is also vanity.
Habakkuk 1:2	O LORD, how long shall I cry, and you will not hear! even cry out to you of violence, and you will not save!
Jeremiah 19:2	And go forth to the valley of the son of Hinnom, which is by the entry of the east gate, and proclaim there the words that I shall tell you,
Genesis 12:17	And the LORD plagued Pharaoh and his house with great plagues because of Sarai Abram’s wife.
Psalm 119:31	I have stuck to your testimonies: O LORD, put me not to shame.
Proverbs 20:10	Divers weights, and divers measures, both of them are alike abomination to the LORD.
Job 36:8	And if they be bound in fetters, and be held in cords of affliction;
Psalm 119:52	I remembered your judgments of old, O LORD; and have comforted myself.
Jeremiah 38:22	And, behold, all the women that are left in the king of Judah’s house shall be brought forth to the king of Babylon’s princes, and those women shall say, Your friends have set you on, and have prevailed against you: your feet are sunk in the mire, and they are turned away back.
Daniel 9:3	And I set my face to the Lord God, to seek by prayer and supplications, with fasting, and sackcloth, and ashes:
Matthew 6:17	But you, when you fast, anoint your head, and wash your face;
Exodus 30:23	Take you also to you principal spices, of pure myrrh five hundred shekels, and of sweet cinnamon half so much, even two hundred and fifty shekels, and of sweet calamus two hundred and fifty shekels,
Genesis 42:25	Then Joseph commanded to fill their sacks with corn, and to restore every man’s money into his sack, and to give them provision for the way: and thus did he to them.
2 Samuel 22:47	The LORD lives; and blessed be my rock; and exalted be the God of the rock of my salvation.
Mark 9:10	And they kept that saying with themselves, questioning one with another what the rising from the dead should mean.
Nehemiah 9:25	And they took strong cities, and a fat land, and possessed houses full of all goods, wells dig, vineyards, and olive groves, and fruit trees in abundance: so they did eat, and were filled, and became fat, and delighted themselves in your great goodness.
Isaiah 66:12	For thus said the LORD, Behold, I will extend peace to her like a river, and the glory of the Gentiles like a flowing stream: then shall you suck, you shall be borne on her sides, and be dandled on her knees.
Jeremiah 23:36	And the burden of the LORD shall you mention no more: for every man’s word shall be his burden; for you have perverted the words of the living God, of the LORD of hosts our God.
Mark 14:25	Truly I say to you, I will drink no more of the fruit of the vine, until that day that I drink it new in the kingdom of God.
Psalm 45:5	Your arrows are sharp in the heart of the king’s enemies; whereby the people fall under you.
Exodus 8:4	And the frogs shall come up both on you, and on your people, and on all your servants.
Judges 8:2	And he said to them, What have I done now in comparison of you? Is not the gleaning of the grapes of Ephraim better than the vintage of Abiezer?
Proverbs 23:22	Listen to your father that begat you, and despise not your mother when she is old.
Leviticus 6:21	In a pan it shall be made with oil; and when it is baked, you shall bring it in: and the baked pieces of the meat offering shall you offer for a sweet smell to the LORD.
Proverbs 15:27	He that is greedy of gain troubles his own house; but he that hates gifts shall live.
1 Kings 6:20	And the oracle in the forepart was twenty cubits in length, and twenty cubits in breadth, and twenty cubits in the height thereof: and he overlaid it with pure gold; and so covered the altar which was of cedar.
Esther 9:12	And the king said to Esther the queen, The Jews have slain and destroyed five hundred men in Shushan the palace, and the ten sons of Haman; what have they done in the rest of the king’s provinces? now what is your petition? and it shall be granted you: or what is your request further? and it shall be done.
2 Chronicles 32:8	With him is an arm of flesh; but with us is the LORD our God to help us, and to fight our battles. And the people rested themselves on the words of Hezekiah king of Judah.
Ezra 2:55	The children of Solomon’s servants: the children of Sotai, the children of Sophereth, the children of Peruda,
Genesis 50:20	But as for you, you thought evil against me; but God meant it to good, to bring to pass, as it is this day, to save much people alive.
1 Samuel 22:1	David therefore departed there, and escaped to the cave Adullam: and when his brothers and all his father’s house heard it, they went down thither to him.
Mark 2:20	But the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them, and then shall they fast in those days.
Exodus 35:25	And all the women that were wise hearted did spin with their hands, and brought that which they had spun, both of blue, and of purple, and of scarlet, and of fine linen.
1 Chronicles 18:16	And Zadok the son of Ahitub, and Abimelech the son of Abiathar, were the priests; and Shavsha was scribe;
Proverbs 16:6	By mercy and truth iniquity is purged: and by the fear of the LORD men depart from evil.
Romans 3:8	And not rather, (as we be slanderously reported, and as some affirm that we say,) Let us do evil, that good may come? whose damnation is just.
Exodus 12:21	Then Moses called for all the elders of Israel, and said to them, Draw out and take you a lamb according to your families, and kill the passover.
2 Samuel 23:34	Eliphelet the son of Ahasbai, the son of the Maachathite, Eliam the son of Ahithophel the Gilonite,
Deuteronomy 11:10	For the land, where you go in to possess it, is not as the land of Egypt, from from where you came out, where you sowed your seed, and watered it with your foot, as a garden of herbs:
John 9:39	And Jesus said, For judgment I am come into this world, that they which see not might see; and that they which see might be made blind.
Deuteronomy 16:22	Neither shall you set you up any image; which the LORD your God hates.
Revelation 4:11	You are worthy, O Lord, to receive glory and honor and power: for you have created all things, and for your pleasure they are and were created.
1 Samuel 28:6	And when Saul inquired of the LORD, the LORD answered him not, neither by dreams, nor by Urim, nor by prophets.
Judges 7:22	And the three hundred blew the trumpets, and the LORD set every man’s sword against his fellow, even throughout all the host: and the host fled to Bethshittah in Zererath, and to the border of Abelmeholah, to Tabbath.
1 Chronicles 14:16	David therefore did as God commanded him: and they smote the host of the Philistines from Gibeon even to Gazer.
2 Samuel 18:17	And they took Absalom, and cast him into a great pit in the wood, and laid a very great heap of stones on him: and all Israel fled every one to his tent.
Exodus 38:5	And he cast four rings for the four ends of the grate of brass, to be places for the staves.
Ezekiel 47:18	And the east side you shall measure from Hauran, and from Damascus, and from Gilead, and from the land of Israel by Jordan, from the border to the east sea. And this is the east side.
Numbers 2:34	And the children of Israel did according to all that the LORD commanded Moses: so they pitched by their standards, and so they set forward, every one after their families, according to the house of their fathers.
Job 9:12	Behold, he takes away, who can hinder him? who will say to him, What do you?
Mark 6:22	And when the daughter of the said Herodias came in, and danced, and pleased Herod and them that sat with him, the king said to the damsel, Ask of me whatever you will, and I will give it you.
2 Timothy 4:10	For Demas has forsaken me, having loved this present world, and is departed to Thessalonica; Crescens to Galatia, Titus to Dalmatia.
2 Chronicles 34:8	Now in the eighteenth year of his reign, when he had purged the land, and the house, he sent Shaphan the son of Azaliah, and Maaseiah the governor of the city, and Joah the son of Joahaz the recorder, to repair the house of the LORD his God.
Jeremiah 46:4	Harness the horses; and get up, you horsemen, and stand forth with your helmets; furbish the spears, and put on the brigandines.
Psalm 72:16	There shall be an handful of corn in the earth on the top of the mountains; the fruit thereof shall shake like Lebanon: and they of the city shall flourish like grass of the earth.
John 12:43	For they loved the praise of men more than the praise of God.
Matthew 26:32	But after I am risen again, I will go before you into Galilee.
1 Corinthians 1:23	But we preach Christ crucified, to the Jews a stumbling block, and to the Greeks foolishness;
Mark 14:51	And there followed him a certain young man, having a linen cloth cast about his naked body; and the young men laid hold on him:
Luke 22:59	And about the space of one hour after another confidently affirmed, saying, Of a truth this fellow also was with him: for he is a Galilaean.
1 Corinthians 7:27	Are you bound to a wife? seek not to be loosed. Are you loosed from a wife? seek not a wife.
Exodus 7:14	And the LORD said to Moses, Pharaoh’s heart is hardened, he refuses to let the people go.
Numbers 31:36	And the half, which was the portion of them that went out to war, was in number three hundred thousand and seven and thirty thousand and five hundred sheep:
Numbers 15:24	Then it shall be, if ought be committed by ignorance without the knowledge of the congregation, that all the congregation shall offer one young bullock for a burnt offering, for a sweet smell to the LORD, with his meat offering, and his drink offering, according to the manner, and one kid of the goats for a sin offering.
1 Samuel 15:21	But the people took of the spoil, sheep and oxen, the chief of the things which should have been utterly destroyed, to sacrifice to the LORD your God in Gilgal.
Psalm 89:48	What man is he that lives, and shall not see death? shall he deliver his soul from the hand of the grave? Selah.
Ecclesiastes 11:4	He that observes the wind shall not sow; and he that regards the clouds shall not reap.
Judges 8:17	And he beat down the tower of Penuel, and slew the men of the city.
Proverbs 24:18	Lest the LORD see it, and it displease him, and he turn away his wrath from him.
Exodus 34:1	And the LORD said to Moses, Hew you two tables of stone like to the first: and I will write on these tables the words that were in the first tables, which you brake.
1 Samuel 4:13	And when he came, see, Eli sat on a seat by the wayside watching: for his heart trembled for the ark of God. And when the man came into the city, and told it, all the city cried out.
Psalm 92:13	Those that be planted in the house of the LORD shall flourish in the courts of our God.
Luke 1:33	And he shall reign over the house of Jacob for ever; and of his kingdom there shall be no end.
2 Kings 11:12	And he brought forth the king’s son, and put the crown on him, and gave him the testimony; and they made him king, and anointed him; and they clapped their hands, and said, God save the king.
Ezekiel 3:9	As an adamant harder than flint have I made your forehead: fear them not, neither be dismayed at their looks, though they be a rebellious house.
Genesis 30:42	But when the cattle were feeble, he put them not in: so the feebler were Laban’s, and the stronger Jacob’s.
Ezekiel 23:43	Then said I to her that was old in adulteries, Will they now commit prostitutions with her, and she with them?
Revelation 7:6	Of the tribe of Aser were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Nephthalim were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Manasses were sealed twelve thousand.
Joshua 23:9	For the LORD has driven out from before you great nations and strong: but as for you, no man has been able to stand before you to this day.
Isaiah 21:1	The burden of the desert of the sea. As whirlwinds in the south pass through; so it comes from the desert, from a terrible land.
Matthew 25:11	Afterward came also the other virgins, saying, Lord, Lord, open to us.
Acts 21:40	And when he had given him license, Paul stood on the stairs, and beckoned with the hand to the people. And when there was made a great silence, he spoke to them in the Hebrew tongue, saying,
Joshua 17:13	Yet it came to pass, when the children of Israel were waxen strong, that they put the Canaanites to tribute, but did not utterly drive them out.
2 Kings 7:15	And they went after them to Jordan: and, see, all the way was full of garments and vessels, which the Syrians had cast away in their haste. And the messengers returned, and told the king.
1 Corinthians 9:18	What is my reward then? Truly that, when I preach the gospel, I may make the gospel of Christ without charge, that I abuse not my power in the gospel.
Psalm 119:168	I have kept your precepts and your testimonies: for all my ways are before you.
Zechariah 1:1	In the eighth month, in the second year of Darius, came the word of the LORD to Zechariah, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo the prophet, saying,
Jonah 2:6	I went down to the bottoms of the mountains; the earth with her bars was about me for ever: yet have you brought up my life from corruption, O LORD my God.
Ezekiel 42:1	Then he brought me forth into the utter court, the way toward the north: and he brought me into the chamber that was over against the separate place, and which was before the building toward the north.
John 16:22	And you now therefore have sorrow: but I will see you again, and your heart shall rejoice, and your joy no man takes from you.
2 Samuel 10:13	And Joab drew near, and the people that were with him, to the battle against the Syrians: and they fled before him.
Matthew 22:31	But as touching the resurrection of the dead, have you not read that which was spoken to you by God, saying,
Luke 6:6	And it came to pass also on another sabbath, that he entered into the synagogue and taught: and there was a man whose right hand was withered.
Mark 1:40	And there came a leper to him, beseeching him, and kneeling down to him, and saying to him, If you will, you can make me clean.
Ruth 3:14	And she lay at his feet until the morning: and she rose up before one could know another. And he said, Let it not be known that a woman came into the floor.
Psalm 79:12	And render to our neighbors sevenfold into their bosom their reproach, with which they have reproached you, O Lord.
Acts 13:45	But when the Jews saw the multitudes, they were filled with envy, and spoke against those things which were spoken by Paul, contradicting and blaspheming.
Matthew 8:20	And Jesus said to him, The foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests; but the Son of man has not where to lay his head.
1 Samuel 20:4	Then said Jonathan to David, Whatever your soul desires, I will even do it for you.
Judges 7:2	And the LORD said to Gideon, The people that are with you are too many for me to give the Midianites into their hands, lest Israel vaunt themselves against me, saying, My own hand has saved me.
2 Chronicles 25:11	And Amaziah strengthened himself, and led forth his people, and went to the valley of salt, and smote of the children of Seir ten thousand.
Ezekiel 22:26	Her priests have violated my law, and have profaned my holy things: they have put no difference between the holy and profane, neither have they showed difference between the unclean and the clean, and have hid their eyes from my sabbaths, and I am profaned among them.
Haggai 2:15	And now, I pray you, consider from this day and upward, from before a stone was laid on a stone in the temple of the LORD:
Ezekiel 23:38	Moreover this they have done to me: they have defiled my sanctuary in the same day, and have profaned my sabbaths.
Esther 8:15	And Mordecai went out from the presence of the king in royal apparel of blue and white, and with a great crown of gold, and with a garment of fine linen and purple: and the city of Shushan rejoiced and was glad.
1 Chronicles 9:38	And Mikloth begat Shimeam. And they also dwelled with their brothers at Jerusalem, over against their brothers.
Leviticus 17:2	Speak to Aaron, and to his sons, and to all the children of Israel, and say to them; This is the thing which the LORD has commanded, saying,
Numbers 7:60	On the ninth day Abidan the son of Gideoni, prince of the children of Benjamin, offered:
Genesis 41:15	And Pharaoh said to Joseph, I have dreamed a dream, and there is none that can interpret it: and I have heard say of you, that you can understand a dream to interpret it.
Isaiah 10:27	And it shall come to pass in that day, that his burden shall be taken away from off your shoulder, and his yoke from off your neck, and the yoke shall be destroyed because of the anointing.
Luke 22:38	And they said, Lord, behold, here are two swords. And he said to them, It is enough.
Exodus 15:4	Pharaoh’s chariots and his host has he cast into the sea: his chosen captains also are drowned in the Red sea.
Proverbs 29:25	The fear of man brings a snare: but whoever puts his trust in the LORD shall be safe.
Titus 2:13	Looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Savior Jesus Christ;
Acts 15:13	And after they had held their peace, James answered, saying, Men and brothers, listen to me:
2 Thessalonians 1:4	So that we ourselves glory in you in the churches of God for your patience and faith in all your persecutions and tribulations that you endure:
Proverbs 25:5	Take away the wicked from before the king, and his throne shall be established in righteousness.
2 Timothy 2:20	But in a great house there are not only vessels of gold and of silver, but also of wood and of earth; and some to honor, and some to dishonor.
1 Chronicles 24:22	Of the Izharites; Shelomoth: of the sons of Shelomoth; Jahath.
Exodus 31:14	You shall keep the sabbath therefore; for it is holy to you: every one that defiles it shall surely be put to death: for whoever does any work therein, that soul shall be cut off from among his people.
Acts 28:28	Be it known therefore to you, that the salvation of God is sent to the Gentiles, and that they will hear it.
Psalm 66:19	But truly God has heard me; he has attended to the voice of my prayer.
Nehemiah 12:29	Also from the house of Gilgal, and out of the fields of Geba and Azmaveth: for the singers had built them villages round about Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 18:33	And the king was much moved, and went up to the chamber over the gate, and wept: and as he went, thus he said, O my son Absalom, my son, my son Absalom! would God I had died for you, O Absalom, my son, my son!
Acts 13:14	But when they departed from Perga, they came to Antioch in Pisidia, and went into the synagogue on the sabbath day, and sat down.
Psalm 76:6	At your rebuke, O God of Jacob, both the chariot and horse are cast into a dead sleep.
1 Kings 3:12	Behold, I have done according to your words: see, I have given you a wise and an understanding heart; so that there was none like you before you, neither after you shall any arise like to you.
Job 37:10	By the breath of God frost is given: and the breadth of the waters is straitened.
Mark 10:28	Then Peter began to say to him, See, we have left all, and have followed you.
Psalm 145:7	They shall abundantly utter the memory of your great goodness, and shall sing of your righteousness.
Deuteronomy 1:45	And you returned and wept before the LORD; but the LORD would not listen to your voice, nor give ear to you.
1 Kings 2:30	And Benaiah came to the tabernacle of the LORD, and said to him, Thus said the king, Come forth. And he said, No; but I will die here. And Benaiah brought the king word again, saying, Thus said Joab, and thus he answered me.
1 Chronicles 4:15	And the sons of Caleb the son of Jephunneh; Iru, Elah, and Naam: and the sons of Elah, even Kenaz.
Psalm 68:34	Ascribe you strength to God: his excellency is over Israel, and his strength is in the clouds.
Ezekiel 33:4	Then whoever hears the sound of the trumpet, and takes not warning; if the sword come, and take him away, his blood shall be on his own head.
Ecclesiastes 12:5	Also when they shall be afraid of that which is high, and fears shall be in the way, and the almond tree shall flourish, and the grasshopper shall be a burden, and desire shall fail: because man goes to his long home, and the mourners go about the streets:
Proverbs 8:6	Hear; for I will speak of excellent things; and the opening of my lips shall be right things.
Luke 5:5	And Simon answering said to him, Master, we have toiled all the night, and have taken nothing: nevertheless at your word I will let down the net.
Jeremiah 36:15	And they said to him, Sit down now, and read it in our ears. So Baruch read it in their ears.
Psalm 89:45	The days of his youth have you shortened: you have covered him with shame. Selah.
Ezra 2:17	The children of Bezai, three hundred twenty and three.
Romans 2:28	For he is not a Jew, which is one outwardly; neither is that circumcision, which is outward in the flesh:
2 Chronicles 3:16	And he made chains, as in the oracle, and put them on the heads of the pillars; and made an hundred pomegranates, and put them on the chains.
Song of Solomon 2:6	His left hand is under my head, and his right hand does embrace me.
Ecclesiastes 9:13	This wisdom have I seen also under the sun, and it seemed great to me:
Leviticus 13:14	But when raw flesh appears in him, he shall be unclean.
Isaiah 28:22	Now therefore be you not mockers, lest your bands be made strong: for I have heard from the Lord GOD of hosts a consumption, even determined on the whole earth.
Jonah 3:6	For word came to the king of Nineveh, and he arose from his throne, and he laid his robe from him, and covered him with sackcloth, and sat in ashes.
Deuteronomy 2:6	You shall buy meat of them for money, that you may eat; and you shall also buy water of them for money, that you may drink.
Psalm 78:46	He gave also their increase to the caterpillar, and their labor to the locust.
Numbers 14:4	And they said one to another, Let us make a captain, and let us return into Egypt.
Acts 3:25	You are the children of the prophets, and of the covenant which God made with our fathers, saying to Abraham, And in your seed shall all the kindreds of the earth be blessed.
1 Chronicles 2:54	The sons of Salma; Bethlehem, and the Netophathites, Ataroth, the house of Joab, and half of the Manahethites, the Zorites.
Luke 8:1	And it came to pass afterward, that he went throughout every city and village, preaching and showing the glad tidings of the kingdom of God: and the twelve were with him,
Genesis 17:12	And he that is eight days old shall be circumcised among you, every man child in your generations, he that is born in the house, or bought with money of any stranger, which is not of your seed.
Psalm 89:49	Lord, where are your former loving kindnesses, which you swore to David in your truth?
Numbers 28:7	And the drink offering thereof shall be the fourth part of an hin for the one lamb: in the holy place shall you cause the strong wine to be poured to the LORD for a drink offering.
Deuteronomy 34:10	And there arose not a prophet since in Israel like to Moses, whom the LORD knew face to face,
Psalm 106:19	They made a calf in Horeb, and worshipped the molten image.
Ezra 10:44	All these had taken strange wives: and some of them had wives by whom they had children.
Joshua 15:59	And Maarath, and Bethanoth, and Eltekon; six cities with their villages:
2 Chronicles 1:10	Give me now wisdom and knowledge, that I may go out and come in before this people: for who can judge this your people, that is so great?
Luke 14:23	And the lord said to the servant, Go out into the highways and hedges, and compel them to come in, that my house may be filled.
Amos 8:5	Saying, When will the new moon be gone, that we may sell corn? and the sabbath, that we may set forth wheat, making the ephah small, and the shekel great, and falsifying the balances by deceit?
Psalm 127:1	Except the LORD build the house, they labor in vain that build it: except the LORD keep the city, the watchman wakes but in vain.
Jeremiah 11:3	And say you to them, Thus said the LORD God of Israel; Cursed be the man that obeys not the words of this covenant,
Proverbs 17:21	He that begets a fool does it to his sorrow: and the father of a fool has no joy.
Psalm 106:22	Wondrous works in the land of Ham, and terrible things by the Red sea.
Ezekiel 20:19	I am the LORD your God; walk in my statutes, and keep my judgments, and do them;
Genesis 33:19	And he bought a parcel of a field, where he had spread his tent, at the hand of the children of Hamor, Shechem’s father, for an hundred pieces of money.
Deuteronomy 32:12	So the LORD alone did lead him, and there was no strange god with him.
Job 20:24	He shall flee from the iron weapon, and the bow of steel shall strike him through.
Matthew 9:27	And when Jesus departed there, two blind men followed him, crying, and saying, You son of David, have mercy on us.
Psalm 112:2	His seed shall be mighty on earth: the generation of the upright shall be blessed.
2 Samuel 14:3	And come to the king, and speak on this manner to him. So Joab put the words in her mouth.
Matthew 24:43	But know this, that if the manager of the house had known in what watch the thief would come, he would have watched, and would not have suffered his house to be broken up.
Psalm 3:1	Lord, how are they increased that trouble me! many are they that rise up against me.
Luke 12:40	Be you therefore ready also: for the Son of man comes at an hour when you think not.
Exodus 6:27	These are they which spoke to Pharaoh king of Egypt, to bring out the children of Israel from Egypt: these are that Moses and Aaron.
Numbers 3:47	You shall even take five shekels apiece by the poll, after the shekel of the sanctuary shall you take them: (the shekel is twenty gerahs:)
Psalm 9:8	And he shall judge the world in righteousness, he shall minister judgment to the people in uprightness.
Jeremiah 22:21	I spoke to you in your prosperity; but you said, I will not hear. This has been your manner from your youth, that you obeyed not my voice.
1 John 4:10	Herein is love, not that we loved God, but that he loved us, and sent his Son to be the propitiation for our sins.
Genesis 39:7	And it came to pass after these things, that his master’s wife cast her eyes on Joseph; and she said, Lie with me.
Deuteronomy 34:5	So Moses the servant of the LORD died there in the land of Moab, according to the word of the LORD.
1 Samuel 30:24	For who will listen to you in this matter? but as his part is that goes down to the battle, so shall his part be that tarries by the stuff: they shall part alike.
2 Chronicles 9:6	However, I believed not their words, until I came, and my eyes had seen it: and, behold, the one half of the greatness of your wisdom was not told me: for you exceed the fame that I heard.
Exodus 35:34	And he has put in his heart that he may teach, both he, and Aholiab, the son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan.
Ezekiel 48:27	And by the border of Zebulun, from the east side to the west side, Gad a portion.
1 Samuel 11:7	And he took a yoke of oxen, and hewed them in pieces, and sent them throughout all the coasts of Israel by the hands of messengers, saying, Whoever comes not forth after Saul and after Samuel, so shall it be done to his oxen. And the fear of the LORD fell on the people, and they came out with one consent.
Deuteronomy 22:24	Then you shall bring them both out to the gate of that city, and you shall stone them with stones that they die; the damsel, because she cried not, being in the city; and the man, because he has humbled his neighbor’s wife: so you shall put away evil from among you.
Ezekiel 46:3	Likewise the people of the land shall worship at the door of this gate before the LORD in the sabbaths and in the new moons.
Amos 4:8	So two or three cities wandered to one city, to drink water; but they were not satisfied: yet have you not returned to me, said the LORD.
Ezekiel 45:9	Thus said the Lord GOD; Let it suffice you, O princes of Israel: remove violence and spoil, and execute judgment and justice, take away your exactions from my people, said the Lord GOD.
2 Kings 2:18	And when they came again to him, (for he tarried at Jericho,) he said to them, Did I not say to you, Go not?
1 Corinthians 10:7	Neither be you idolaters, as were some of them; as it is written, The people sat down to eat and drink, and rose up to play.
2 Kings 4:34	And he went up, and lay on the child, and put his mouth on his mouth, and his eyes on his eyes, and his hands on his hands: and stretched himself on the child; and the flesh of the child waxed warm.
Ruth 1:19	So they two went until they came to Bethlehem. And it came to pass, when they were come to Bethlehem, that all the city was moved about them, and they said, Is this Naomi?
Zephaniah 3:5	The just LORD is in the middle thereof; he will not do iniquity: every morning does he bring his judgment to light, he fails not; but the unjust knows no shame.
Job 31:33	If I covered my transgressions as Adam, by hiding my iniquity in my bosom:
Psalm 41:4	I said, LORD, be merciful to me: heal my soul; for I have sinned against you.
Genesis 9:8	And God spoke to Noah, and to his sons with him, saying,
Isaiah 43:19	Behold, I will do a new thing; now it shall spring forth; shall you not know it? I will even make a way in the wilderness, and rivers in the desert.
Joshua 22:20	Did not Achan the son of Zerah commit a trespass in the accursed thing, and wrath fell on all the congregation of Israel? and that man perished not alone in his iniquity.
Exodus 40:24	And he put the candlestick in the tent of the congregation, over against the table, on the side of the tabernacle southward.
1 Kings 14:23	For they also built them high places, and images, and groves, on every high hill, and under every green tree.
2 Corinthians 12:17	Did I make a gain of you by any of them whom I sent to you?
1 Corinthians 9:14	Even so has the Lord ordained that they which preach the gospel should live of the gospel.
Isaiah 45:6	That they may know from the rising of the sun, and from the west, that there is none beside me. I am the LORD, and there is none else.
Romans 12:16	Be of the same mind one toward another. Mind not high things, but condescend to men of low estate. Be not wise in your own conceits.
2 Chronicles 1:9	Now, O LORD God, let your promise to David my father be established: for you have made me king over a people like the dust of the earth in multitude.
Psalm 78:3	Which we have heard and known, and our fathers have told us.
2 Timothy 3:17	That the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished to all good works.
Isaiah 33:17	Your eyes shall see the king in his beauty: they shall behold the land that is very far off.
Luke 5:36	And he spoke also a parable to them; No man puts a piece of a new garment on an old; if otherwise, then both the new makes a rent, and the piece that was taken out of the new agrees not with the old.
Hebrews 2:5	For to the angels has he not put in subjection the world to come, whereof we speak.
2 Samuel 20:9	And Joab said to Amasa, Are you in health, my brother? And Joab took Amasa by the beard with the right hand to kiss him.
Exodus 12:38	And a mixed multitude went up also with them; and flocks, and herds, even very much cattle.
Ezekiel 23:44	Yet they went in to her, as they go in to a woman that plays the harlot: so went they in to Aholah and to Aholibah, the lewd women.
Proverbs 9:18	But he knows not that the dead are there; and that her guests are in the depths of hell.
2 Kings 23:33	And Pharaohnechoh put him in bands at Riblah in the land of Hamath, that he might not reign in Jerusalem; and put the land to a tribute of an hundred talents of silver, and a talent of gold.
Zechariah 8:23	Thus said the LORD of hosts; In those days it shall come to pass, that ten men shall take hold out of all languages of the nations, even shall take hold of the skirt of him that is a Jew, saying, We will go with you: for we have heard that God is with you.
Hebrews 3:15	While it is said, To day if you will hear his voice, harden not your hearts, as in the provocation.
Job 38:10	And broke up for it my decreed place, and set bars and doors,
2 Samuel 5:21	And there they left their images, and David and his men burned them.
Numbers 26:38	The sons of Benjamin after their families: of Bela, the family of the Belaites: of Ashbel, the family of the Ashbelites: of Ahiram, the family of the Ahiramites:
Psalm 78:62	He gave his people over also to the sword; and was wroth with his inheritance.
Revelation 21:7	He that overcomes shall inherit all things; and I will be his God, and he shall be my son.
Deuteronomy 9:1	Hear, O Israel: You are to pass over Jordan this day, to go in to possess nations greater and mightier than yourself, cities great and fenced up to heaven,
Psalm 60:6	God has spoken in his holiness; I will rejoice, I will divide Shechem, and mete out the valley of Succoth.
Hebrews 10:39	But we are not of them who draw back to perdition; but of them that believe to the saving of the soul.
Acts 24:21	Except it be for this one voice, that I cried standing among them, Touching the resurrection of the dead I am called in question by you this day.
Psalm 72:9	They that dwell in the wilderness shall bow before him; and his enemies shall lick the dust.
Psalm 128:3	Your wife shall be as a fruitful vine by the sides of your house: your children like olive plants round about your table.
Philippians 2:14	Do all things without murmurings and disputings:
Leviticus 10:20	And when Moses heard that, he was content.
Joshua 17:7	And the coast of Manasseh was from Asher to Michmethah, that lies before Shechem; and the border went along on the right hand to the inhabitants of Entappuah.
Numbers 16:39	And Eleazar the priest took the brazen censers, with which they that were burnt had offered; and they were made broad plates for a covering of the altar:
2 Chronicles 30:2	For the king had taken counsel, and his princes, and all the congregation in Jerusalem, to keep the passover in the second month.
Psalm 24:10	Who is this King of glory? The LORD of hosts, he is the King of glory. Selah.
Isaiah 3:25	Your men shall fall by the sword, and your mighty in the war.
1 Samuel 17:17	And Jesse said to David his son, Take now for your brothers an ephah of this parched corn, and these ten loaves, and run to the camp of your brothers;
1 Chronicles 21:23	And Ornan said to David, Take it to you, and let my lord the king do that which is good in his eyes: see, I give you the oxen also for burnt offerings, and the threshing instruments for wood, and the wheat for the meat offering; I give it all.
Ezra 7:19	The vessels also that are given you for the service of the house of your God, those deliver you before the God of Jerusalem.
Deuteronomy 22:21	Then they shall bring out the damsel to the door of her father’s house, and the men of her city shall stone her with stones that she die: because she has worked folly in Israel, to play the whore in her father’s house: so shall you put evil away from among you.
Isaiah 2:8	Their land also is full of idols; they worship the work of their own hands, that which their own fingers have made:
Genesis 36:8	Thus dwelled Esau in mount Seir: Esau is Edom.
Mark 6:27	And immediately the king sent an executioner, and commanded his head to be brought: and he went and beheaded him in the prison,
1 Chronicles 12:20	As he went to Ziklag, there fell to him of Manasseh, Adnah, and Jozabad, and Jediael, and Michael, and Jozabad, and Elihu, and Zilthai, captains of the thousands that were of Manasseh.
Numbers 7:45	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:
Proverbs 3:17	Her ways are ways of pleasantness, and all her paths are peace.
Exodus 12:35	And the children of Israel did according to the word of Moses; and they borrowed of the Egyptians jewels of silver, and jewels of gold, and raiment:
Isaiah 7:25	And on all hills that shall be dig with the mattock, there shall not come thither the fear of briers and thorns: but it shall be for the sending forth of oxen, and for the treading of lesser cattle.
Jeremiah 13:11	For as the girdle sticks to the loins of a man, so have I caused to stick to me the whole house of Israel and the whole house of Judah, said the LORD; that they might be to me for a people, and for a name, and for a praise, and for a glory: but they would not hear.
Psalm 88:2	Let my prayer come before you: incline your ear to my cry;
Daniel 2:17	Then Daniel went to his house, and made the thing known to Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah, his companions:
Hebrews 10:2	For then would they not have ceased to be offered? because that the worshippers once purged should have had no more conscience of sins.
Leviticus 24:19	And if a man cause a blemish in his neighbor; as he has done, so shall it be done to him;
Proverbs 27:7	The full soul loathes an honeycomb; but to the hungry soul every bitter thing is sweet.
Leviticus 26:20	And your strength shall be spent in vain: for your land shall not yield her increase, neither shall the trees of the land yield their fruits.
Deuteronomy 21:14	And it shall be, if you have no delight in her, then you shall let her go where she will; but you shall not sell her at all for money, you shall not make merchandise of her, because you have humbled her.
Deuteronomy 1:23	And the saying pleased me well: and I took twelve men of you, one of a tribe:
Zephaniah 2:15	This is the rejoicing city that dwelled carelessly, that said in her heart, I am, and there is none beside me: how is she become a desolation, a place for beasts to lie down in! every one that passes by her shall hiss, and wag his hand.
John 18:29	Pilate then went out to them, and said, What accusation bring you against this man?
1 Samuel 4:8	Woe to us! who shall deliver us out of the hand of these mighty Gods? these are the Gods that smote the Egyptians with all the plagues in the wilderness.
Leviticus 27:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Leviticus 9:20	And they put the fat on the breasts, and he burnt the fat on the altar:
Leviticus 1:1	And the LORD called to Moses, and spoke to him out of the tabernacle of the congregation, saying,
Numbers 3:3	These are the names of the sons of Aaron, the priests which were anointed, whom he consecrated to minister in the priest’s office.
2 Chronicles 10:8	But he forsook the counsel which the old men gave him, and took counsel with the young men that were brought up with him, that stood before him.
Psalm 4:1	Hear me when I call, O God of my righteousness: you have enlarged me when I was in distress; have mercy on me, and hear my prayer.
Psalm 33:22	Let your mercy, O LORD, be on us, according as we hope in you.
2 Samuel 18:19	Then said Ahimaaz the son of Zadok, Let me now run, and bear the king tidings, how that the LORD has avenged him of his enemies.
Luke 21:14	Settle it therefore in your hearts, not to meditate before what you shall answer:
Nehemiah 12:45	And both the singers and the porters kept the ward of their God, and the ward of the purification, according to the commandment of David, and of Solomon his son.
Micah 2:13	The breaker is come up before them: they have broken up, and have passed through the gate, and are gone out by it: and their king shall pass before them, and the LORD on the head of them.
1 Samuel 19:24	And he stripped off his clothes also, and prophesied before Samuel in like manner, and lay down naked all that day and all that night. Why they say, Is Saul also among the prophets?
1 Kings 20:37	Then he found another man, and said, Smite me, I pray you. And the man smote him, so that in smiting he wounded him.
Isaiah 1:12	When you come to appear before me, who has required this at your hand, to tread my courts?
Zephaniah 3:8	Therefore wait you on me, said the LORD, until the day that I rise up to the prey: for my determination is to gather the nations, that I may assemble the kingdoms, to pour on them my indignation, even all my fierce anger: for all the earth shall be devoured with the fire of my jealousy.
Genesis 32:12	And you said, I will surely do you good, and make your seed as the sand of the sea, which cannot be numbered for multitude.
Psalm 119:175	Let my soul live, and it shall praise you; and let your judgments help me.
Exodus 39:33	And they brought the tabernacle to Moses, the tent, and all his furniture, his clasps, his boards, his bars, and his pillars, and his sockets,
Hosea 4:6	My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge: because you have rejected knowledge, I will also reject you, that you shall be no priest to me: seeing you have forgotten the law of your God, I will also forget your children.
Genesis 35:13	And God went up from him in the place where he talked with him.
Job 31:19	If I have seen any perish for want of clothing, or any poor without covering;
Psalm 48:4	For, see, the kings were assembled, they passed by together.
2 Kings 17:8	And walked in the statutes of the heathen, whom the LORD cast out from before the children of Israel, and of the kings of Israel, which they had made.
Genesis 35:28	And the days of Isaac were an hundred and fourscore years.
Jeremiah 23:33	And when this people, or the prophet, or a priest, shall ask you, saying, What is the burden of the LORD? you shall then say to them, What burden? I will even forsake you, said the LORD.
1 Corinthians 10:11	Now all these things happened to them for ensamples: and they are written for our admonition, on whom the ends of the world are come.
Jeremiah 13:14	And I will dash them one against another, even the fathers and the sons together, said the LORD: I will not pity, nor spare, nor have mercy, but destroy them.
Leviticus 26:45	But I will for their sakes remember the covenant of their ancestors, whom I brought forth out of the land of Egypt in the sight of the heathen, that I might be their God: I am the LORD.
Isaiah 25:4	For you have been a strength to the poor, a strength to the needy in his distress, a refuge from the storm, a shadow from the heat, when the blast of the terrible ones is as a storm against the wall.
2 Peter 2:9	The Lord knows how to deliver the godly out of temptations, and to reserve the unjust to the day of judgment to be punished:
Matthew 28:5	And the angel answered and said to the women, Fear not you: for I know that you seek Jesus, which was crucified.
Ephesians 6:17	And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God:
Proverbs 19:26	He that wastes his father, and chases away his mother, is a son that causes shame, and brings reproach.
Psalm 16:5	The LORD is the portion of my inheritance and of my cup: you maintain my lot.
1 Chronicles 2:21	And afterward Hezron went in to the daughter of Machir the father of Gilead, whom he married when he was three score years old; and she bore him Segub.
Genesis 2:17	But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, you shall not eat of it: for in the day that you eat thereof you shall surely die.
Proverbs 17:2	A wise servant shall have rule over a son that causes shame, and shall have part of the inheritance among the brothers.
Zechariah 8:13	And it shall come to pass, that as you were a curse among the heathen, O house of Judah, and house of Israel; so will I save you, and you shall be a blessing: fear not, but let your hands be strong.
1 Thessalonians 5:2	For yourselves know perfectly that the day of the Lord so comes as a thief in the night.
Esther 6:2	And it was found written, that Mordecai had told of Bigthana and Teresh, two of the king’s chamberlains, the keepers of the door, who sought to lay hand on the king Ahasuerus.
Genesis 19:17	And it came to pass, when they had brought them forth abroad, that he said, Escape for your life; look not behind you, neither stay you in all the plain; escape to the mountain, lest you be consumed.
Acts 2:15	For these are not drunken, as you suppose, seeing it is but the third hour of the day.
Jeremiah 26:19	Did Hezekiah king of Judah and all Judah put him at all to death? did he not fear the LORD, and sought the LORD, and the LORD repented him of the evil which he had pronounced against them? Thus might we procure great evil against our souls.
Romans 11:31	Even so have these also now not believed, that through your mercy they also may obtain mercy.
Mark 4:20	And these are they which are sown on good ground; such as hear the word, and receive it, and bring forth fruit, some thirty times, some sixty, and some an hundred.
Joshua 17:15	And Joshua answered them, If you be a great people, then get you up to the wood country, and cut down for yourself there in the land of the Perizzites and of the giants, if mount Ephraim be too narrow for you.
John 12:14	And Jesus, when he had found a young ass, sat thereon; as it is written,
Deuteronomy 22:6	If a bird’s nest chance to be before you in the way in any tree, or on the ground, whether they be young ones, or eggs, and the dam sitting on the young, or on the eggs, you shall not take the dam with the young:
Psalm 119:86	All your commandments are faithful: they persecute me wrongfully; help you me.
Ecclesiastes 2:18	Yes, I hated all my labor which I had taken under the sun: because I should leave it to the man that shall be after me.
Lamentations 4:6	For the punishment of the iniquity of the daughter of my people is greater than the punishment of the sin of Sodom, that was overthrown as in a moment, and no hands stayed on her.
Job 38:33	Know you the ordinances of heaven? can you set the dominion thereof in the earth?
Numbers 24:17	I shall see him, but not now: I shall behold him, but not near: there shall come a Star out of Jacob, and a Scepter shall rise out of Israel, and shall smite the corners of Moab, and destroy all the children of Sheth.
Isaiah 14:4	That you shall take up this proverb against the king of Babylon, and say, How has the oppressor ceased! the golden city ceased!
Exodus 20:17	You shall not covet your neighbor’s house, you shall not covet your neighbor’s wife, nor his manservant, nor his maidservant, nor his ox, nor his ass, nor any thing that is your neighbor’s.
Leviticus 5:9	And he shall sprinkle of the blood of the sin offering on the side of the altar; and the rest of the blood shall be wrung out at the bottom of the altar: it is a sin offering.
1 Thessalonians 5:9	For God has not appointed us to wrath, but to obtain salvation by our Lord Jesus Christ,
Proverbs 8:2	She stands in the top of high places, by the way in the places of the paths.
Daniel 5:11	There is a man in your kingdom, in whom is the spirit of the holy gods; and in the days of your father light and understanding and wisdom, like the wisdom of the gods, was found in him; whom the king Nebuchadnezzar your father, the king, I say, your father, made master of the magicians, astrologers, Chaldeans, and soothsayers;
Proverbs 6:20	My son, keep your father’s commandment, and forsake not the law of your mother:
Ezekiel 28:13	You have been in Eden the garden of God; every precious stone was your covering, the sardius, topaz, and the diamond, the beryl, the onyx, and the jasper, the sapphire, the emerald, and the carbuncle, and gold: the workmanship of your tabrets and of your pipes was prepared in you in the day that you were created.
Joshua 1:8	This book of the law shall not depart out of your mouth; but you shall meditate therein day and night, that you may observe to do according to all that is written therein: for then you shall make your way prosperous, and then you shall have good success.
Psalm 119:159	Consider how I love your precepts: quicken me, O LORD, according to your loving kindness.
Job 41:12	I will not conceal his parts, nor his power, nor his comely proportion.
1 Chronicles 3:13	Ahaz his son, Hezekiah his son, Manasseh his son,
2 Corinthians 12:10	Therefore I take pleasure in infirmities, in reproaches, in necessities, in persecutions, in distresses for Christ’s sake: for when I am weak, then am I strong.
Hosea 11:10	They shall walk after the LORD: he shall roar like a lion: when he shall roar, then the children shall tremble from the west.
Numbers 7:75	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:
Philemon 1:3	Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Isaiah 55:1	Ho, every one that thirsts, come you to the waters, and he that has no money; come you, buy, and eat; yes, come, buy wine and milk without money and without price.
2 Samuel 19:27	And he has slandered your servant to my lord the king; but my lord the king is as an angel of God: do therefore what is good in your eyes.
Ecclesiastes 5:8	If you see the oppression of the poor, and violent perverting of judgment and justice in a province, marvel not at the matter: for he that is higher than the highest regards; and there be higher than they.
Isaiah 40:9	O Zion, that bring good tidings, get you up into the high mountain; O Jerusalem, that bring good tidings, lift up your voice with strength; lift it up, be not afraid; say to the cities of Judah, Behold your God!
Ecclesiastes 12:11	The words of the wise are as goads, and as nails fastened by the masters of assemblies, which are given from one shepherd.
Romans 4:9	Comes this blessedness then on the circumcision only, or on the uncircumcision also? for we say that faith was reckoned to Abraham for righteousness.
Jeremiah 9:20	Yet hear the word of the LORD, O you women, and let your ear receive the word of his mouth, and teach your daughters wailing, and every one her neighbor lamentation.
2 Chronicles 26:22	Now the rest of the acts of Uzziah, first and last, did Isaiah the prophet, the son of Amoz, write.
John 5:29	And shall come forth; they that have done good, to the resurrection of life; and they that have done evil, to the resurrection of damnation.
1 Samuel 18:17	And Saul said to David, Behold my elder daughter Merab, her will I give you to wife: only be you valiant for me, and fight the LORD’s battles. For Saul said, Let not my hand be on him, but let the hand of the Philistines be on him.
Ezekiel 23:48	Thus will I cause lewdness to cease out of the land, that all women may be taught not to do after your lewdness.
Genesis 24:18	And she said, Drink, my lord: and she hurried, and let down her pitcher on her hand, and gave him drink.
Romans 2:19	And are confident that you yourself are a guide of the blind, a light of them which are in darkness,
Ecclesiastes 7:23	All this have I proved by wisdom: I said, I will be wise; but it was far from me.
Ruth 1:3	And Elimelech Naomi’s husband died; and she was left, and her two sons.
Psalm 90:5	You carry them away as with a flood; they are as a sleep: in the morning they are like grass which grows up.
Psalm 144:8	Whose mouth speaks vanity, and their right hand is a right hand of falsehood.
1 Kings 20:9	Why he said to the messengers of Benhadad, Tell my lord the king, All that you did send for to your servant at the first I will do: but this thing I may not do. And the messengers departed, and brought him word again.
Job 11:20	But the eyes of the wicked shall fail, and they shall not escape, and their hope shall be as the giving up of the ghost.
1 Kings 16:8	In the twenty and sixth year of Asa king of Judah began Elah the son of Baasha to reign over Israel in Tirzah, two years.
Ezekiel 43:8	In their setting of their threshold by my thresholds, and their post by my posts, and the wall between me and them, they have even defiled my holy name by their abominations that they have committed: why I have consumed them in my anger.
Genesis 25:24	And when her days to be delivered were fulfilled, behold, there were twins in her womb.
Leviticus 13:51	And he shall look on the plague on the seventh day: if the plague be spread in the garment, either in the warp, or in the woof, or in a skin, or in any work that is made of skin; the plague is a fretting leprosy; it is unclean.
1 Chronicles 18:13	And he put garrisons in Edom; and all the Edomites became David’s servants. Thus the LORD preserved David wherever he went.
Genesis 3:13	And the LORD God said to the woman, What is this that you have done? And the woman said, The serpent beguiled me, and I did eat.
Genesis 9:5	And surely your blood of your lives will I require; at the hand of every beast will I require it, and at the hand of man; at the hand of every man’s brother will I require the life of man.
Jeremiah 8:8	How do you say, We are wise, and the law of the LORD is with us? See, certainly in vain made he it; the pen of the scribes is in vain.
Judges 9:41	And Abimelech dwelled at Arumah: and Zebul thrust out Gaal and his brothers, that they should not dwell in Shechem.
Numbers 27:12	And the LORD said to Moses, Get you up into this mount Abarim, and see the land which I have given to the children of Israel.
2 Kings 14:20	And they brought him on horses: and he was buried at Jerusalem with his fathers in the city of David.
Ezekiel 21:4	Seeing then that I will cut off from you the righteous and the wicked, therefore shall my sword go forth out of his sheath against all flesh from the south to the north:
Luke 18:5	Yet because this widow troubles me, I will avenge her, lest by her continual coming she weary me.
Psalm 60:1	O God, you have cast us off, you have scattered us, you have been displeased; O turn yourself to us again.
Genesis 34:31	And they said, Should he deal with our sister as with an harlot?
Acts 12:16	But Peter continued knocking: and when they had opened the door, and saw him, they were astonished.
Isaiah 14:17	That made the world as a wilderness, and destroyed the cities thereof; that opened not the house of his prisoners?
Jeremiah 41:5	That there came certain from Shechem, from Shiloh, and from Samaria, even fourscore men, having their beards shaven, and their clothes rent, and having cut themselves, with offerings and incense in their hand, to bring them to the house of the LORD.
Joshua 22:28	Therefore said we, that it shall be, when they should so say to us or to our generations in time to come, that we may say again, Behold the pattern of the altar of the LORD, which our fathers made, not for burnt offerings, nor for sacrifices; but it is a witness between us and you.
Psalm 91:13	You shall tread on the lion and adder: the young lion and the dragon shall you trample under feet.
2 Timothy 3:2	For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy,
Exodus 37:15	And he made the staves of shittim wood, and overlaid them with gold, to bear the table.
Deuteronomy 3:12	And this land, which we possessed at that time, from Aroer, which is by the river Arnon, and half mount Gilead, and the cities thereof, gave I to the Reubenites and to the Gadites.
Exodus 23:8	And you shall take no gift: for the gift blinds the wise, and perverts the words of the righteous.
Hebrews 3:16	For some, when they had heard, did provoke: however, not all that came out of Egypt by Moses.
Daniel 4:17	This matter is by the decree of the watchers, and the demand by the word of the holy ones: to the intent that the living may know that the most High rules in the kingdom of men, and gives it to whomsoever he will, and sets up over it the basest of men.
Joshua 15:37	Zenan, and Hadashah, and Migdalgad,
Genesis 21:25	And Abraham reproved Abimelech because of a well of water, which Abimelech’s servants had violently taken away.
Genesis 30:31	And he said, What shall I give you? And Jacob said, You shall not give me any thing: if you will do this thing for me, I will again feed and keep your flock.
Isaiah 53:5	But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was on him; and with his stripes we are healed.
Ezekiel 5:2	You shall burn with fire a third part in the middle of the city, when the days of the siege are fulfilled: and you shall take a third part, and smite about it with a knife: and a third part you shall scatter in the wind; and I will draw out a sword after them.
Daniel 2:8	The king answered and said, I know of certainty that you would gain the time, because you see the thing is gone from me.
Romans 8:24	For we are saved by hope: but hope that is seen is not hope: for what a man sees, why does he yet hope for?
Luke 21:13	And it shall turn to you for a testimony.
Mark 13:30	Truly I say to you, that this generation shall not pass, till all these things be done.
Luke 7:31	And the Lord said, Whereunto then shall I liken the men of this generation? and to what are they like?
Luke 21:26	Men’s hearts failing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth: for the powers of heaven shall be shaken.
Colossians 4:7	All my state shall Tychicus declare to you, who is a beloved brother, and a faithful minister and fellow servant in the Lord:
Jeremiah 39:1	In the ninth year of Zedekiah king of Judah, in the tenth month, came Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon and all his army against Jerusalem, and they besieged it.
Galatians 6:15	For in Christ Jesus neither circumcision avails any thing, nor uncircumcision, but a new creature.
Psalm 129:4	The LORD is righteous: he has cut asunder the cords of the wicked.
Deuteronomy 32:35	To me belongs vengeance and recompense; their foot shall slide in due time: for the day of their calamity is at hand, and the things that shall come on them make haste.
Psalm 109:22	For I am poor and needy, and my heart is wounded within me.
Job 20:27	The heaven shall reveal his iniquity; and the earth shall rise up against him.
John 10:6	This parable spoke Jesus to them: but they understood not what things they were which he spoke to them.
Mark 5:27	When she had heard of Jesus, came in the press behind, and touched his garment.
Numbers 3:19	And the sons of Kohath by their families; Amram, and Izehar, Hebron, and Uzziel.
Jeremiah 51:32	And that the passages are stopped, and the reeds they have burned with fire, and the men of war are affrighted.
Deuteronomy 12:18	But you must eat them before the LORD your God in the place which the LORD your God shall choose, you, and your son, and your daughter, and your manservant, and your maidservant, and the Levite that is within your gates: and you shall rejoice before the LORD your God in all that you put your hands to.
Psalm 88:6	You have laid me in the lowest pit, in darkness, in the deeps.
Ecclesiastes 10:7	I have seen servants on horses, and princes walking as servants on the earth.
Exodus 25:9	According to all that I show you, after the pattern of the tabernacle, and the pattern of all the instruments thereof, even so shall you make it.
Proverbs 21:15	It is joy to the just to do judgment: but destruction shall be to the workers of iniquity.
Numbers 10:25	And the standard of the camp of the children of Dan set forward, which was the rear guard of all the camps throughout their hosts: and over his host was Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai.
1 Samuel 1:19	And they rose up in the morning early, and worshipped before the LORD, and returned, and came to their house to Ramah: and Elkanah knew Hannah his wife; and the LORD remembered her.
Acts 3:15	And killed the Prince of life, whom God has raised from the dead; whereof we are witnesses.
Hosea 4:18	Their drink is sour: they have committed prostitution continually: her rulers with shame do love, Give you.
Genesis 24:56	And he said to them, Hinder me not, seeing the LORD has prospered my way; send me away that I may go to my master.
Deuteronomy 18:7	Then he shall minister in the name of the LORD his God, as all his brothers the Levites do, which stand there before the LORD.
Isaiah 18:6	They shall be left together to the fowls of the mountains, and to the beasts of the earth: and the fowls shall summer on them, and all the beasts of the earth shall winter on them.
Acts 3:11	And as the lame man which was healed held Peter and John, all the people ran together to them in the porch that is called Solomon’s, greatly wondering.
1 Chronicles 6:11	And Azariah begat Amariah, and Amariah begat Ahitub,
Hebrews 13:5	Let your conversation be without covetousness; and be content with such things as you have: for he has said, I will never leave you, nor forsake you.
Genesis 30:24	And she called his name Joseph; and said, The LORD shall add to me another son.
John 15:7	If you abide in me, and my words abide in you, you shall ask what you will, and it shall be done to you.
Psalm 145:13	Your kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and your dominion endures throughout all generations.
1 Kings 8:8	And they drew out the staves, that the ends of the staves were seen out in the holy place before the oracle, and they were not seen without: and there they are to this day.
Isaiah 49:11	And I will make all my mountains a way, and my highways shall be exalted.
Acts 10:5	And now send men to Joppa, and call for one Simon, whose surname is Peter:
Genesis 29:25	And it came to pass, that in the morning, behold, it was Leah: and he said to Laban, What is this you have done to me? did not I serve with you for Rachel? why then have you beguiled me?
Ezekiel 34:14	I will feed them in a good pasture, and on the high mountains of Israel shall their fold be: there shall they lie in a good fold, and in a fat pasture shall they feed on the mountains of Israel.
Proverbs 22:14	The mouth of strange women is a deep pit: he that is abhorred of the LORD shall fall therein.
Psalm 68:6	God sets the solitary in families: he brings out those which are bound with chains: but the rebellious dwell in a dry land.
Numbers 26:33	And Zelophehad the son of Hepher had no sons, but daughters: and the names of the daughters of Zelophehad were Mahlah, and Noah, Hoglah, Milcah, and Tirzah.
1 Kings 22:3	And the king of Israel said to his servants, Know you that Ramoth in Gilead is ours, and we be still, and take it not out of the hand of the king of Syria?
Daniel 7:9	I beheld till the thrones were cast down, and the Ancient of days did sit, whose garment was white as snow, and the hair of his head like the pure wool: his throne was like the fiery flame, and his wheels as burning fire.
2 Samuel 20:8	When they were at the great stone which is in Gibeon, Amasa went before them. And Joab’s garment that he had put on was girded to him, and on it a girdle with a sword fastened on his loins in the sheath thereof; and as he went forth it fell out.
Isaiah 36:13	Then Rabshakeh stood, and cried with a loud voice in the Jews’ language, and said, Hear you the words of the great king, the king of Assyria.
1 Samuel 18:10	And it came to pass on the morrow, that the evil spirit from God came on Saul, and he prophesied in the middle of the house: and David played with his hand, as at other times: and there was a javelin in Saul’s hand.
John 3:17	For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.
Jeremiah 47:4	Because of the day that comes to spoil all the Philistines, and to cut off from Tyrus and Zidon every helper that remains: for the LORD will spoil the Philistines, the remnant of the country of Caphtor.
Numbers 33:47	And they removed from Almondiblathaim, and pitched in the mountains of Abarim, before Nebo.
1 Samuel 28:17	And the LORD has done to him, as he spoke by me: for the LORD has rent the kingdom out of your hand, and given it to your neighbor, even to David:
Exodus 18:15	And Moses said to his father in law, Because the people come to me to inquire of God:
1 Corinthians 10:24	Let no man seek his own, but every man another’s wealth.
2 Samuel 22:35	He teaches my hands to war; so that a bow of steel is broken by my arms.
Judges 5:3	Hear, O you kings; give ear, O you princes; I, even I, will sing to the LORD; I will sing praise to the LORD God of Israel.
Job 9:27	If I say, I will forget my complaint, I will leave off my heaviness, and comfort myself:
Isaiah 37:12	Have the gods of the nations delivered them which my fathers have destroyed, as Gozan, and Haran, and Rezeph, and the children of Eden which were in Telassar?
Psalm 62:11	God has spoken once; twice have I heard this; that power belongs to God.
Mark 6:23	And he swore to her, Whatever you shall ask of me, I will give it you, to the half of my kingdom.
Isaiah 43:7	Even every one that is called by my name: for I have created him for my glory, I have formed him; yes, I have made him.
1 Chronicles 5:9	And eastward he inhabited to the entering in of the wilderness from the river Euphrates: because their cattle were multiplied in the land of Gilead.
Leviticus 24:12	And they put him in ward, that the mind of the LORD might be showed them.
Numbers 25:7	And when Phinehas, the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron the priest, saw it, he rose up from among the congregation, and took a javelin in his hand;
Isaiah 19:20	And it shall be for a sign and for a witness to the LORD of hosts in the land of Egypt: for they shall cry to the LORD because of the oppressors, and he shall send them a savior, and a great one, and he shall deliver them.
John 19:15	But they cried out, Away with him, away with him, crucify him. Pilate said to them, Shall I crucify your King? The chief priests answered, We have no king but Caesar.
Jeremiah 29:32	Therefore thus said the LORD; Behold, I will punish Shemaiah the Nehelamite, and his seed: he shall not have a man to dwell among this people; neither shall he behold the good that I will do for my people, said the LORD; because he has taught rebellion against the LORD.
1 Kings 10:20	And twelve lions stood there on the one side and on the other on the six steps: there was not the like made in any kingdom.
Numbers 15:36	And all the congregation brought him without the camp, and stoned him with stones, and he died; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Psalm 68:18	You have ascended on high, you have led captivity captive: you have received gifts for men; yes, for the rebellious also, that the LORD God might dwell among them.
Isaiah 23:1	The burden of Tyre. Howl, you ships of Tarshish; for it is laid waste, so that there is no house, no entering in: from the land of Chittim it is revealed to them.
Genesis 18:15	Then Sarah denied, saying, I laughed not; for she was afraid. And he said, No; but you did laugh.
2 Chronicles 30:12	Also in Judah the hand of God was to give them one heart to do the commandment of the king and of the princes, by the word of the LORD.
Exodus 35:35	Them has he filled with wisdom of heart, to work all manner of work, of the engraver, and of the cunning workman, and of the embroiderer, in blue, and in purple, in scarlet, and in fine linen, and of the weaver, even of them that do any work, and of those that devise cunning work.
Genesis 31:53	The God of Abraham, and the God of Nahor, the God of their father, judge between us. And Jacob swore by the fear of his father Isaac.
Ezekiel 1:11	Thus were their faces: and their wings were stretched upward; two wings of every one were joined one to another, and two covered their bodies.
Luke 18:10	Two men went up into the temple to pray; the one a Pharisee, and the other a publican.
1 Chronicles 2:3	The sons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah: which three were born to him of the daughter of Shua the Canaanitess. And Er, the firstborn of Judah, was evil in the sight of the LORD; and he slew him.
Ezekiel 25:7	Behold, therefore I will stretch out my hand on you, and will deliver you for a spoil to the heathen; and I will cut you off from the people, and I will cause you to perish out of the countries: I will destroy you; and you shall know that I am the LORD.
Matthew 24:15	When you therefore shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, stand in the holy place, (whoever reads, let him understand:)
Job 9:10	Which does great things past finding out; yes, and wonders without number.
2 Thessalonians 2:12	That they all might be damned who believed not the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness.
Leviticus 25:35	And if your brother be waxen poor, and fallen in decay with you; then you shall relieve him: yes, though he be a stranger, or a sojourner; that he may live with you.
2 Kings 4:2	And Elisha said to her, What shall I do for you? tell me, what have you in the house? And she said, Your handmaid has not any thing in the house, save a pot of oil.
Exodus 9:30	But as for you and your servants, I know that you will not yet fear the LORD God.
2 Chronicles 6:41	Now therefore arise, O LORD God, into your resting place, you, and the ark of your strength: let your priests, O LORD God, be clothed with salvation, and let your saints rejoice in goodness.
2 Chronicles 3:14	And he made the veil of blue, and purple, and crimson, and fine linen, and worked cherubim thereon.
Leviticus 24:14	Bring forth him that has cursed without the camp; and let all that heard him lay their hands on his head, and let all the congregation stone him.
Ezekiel 44:30	And the first of all the first fruits of all things, and every oblation of all, of every sort of your oblations, shall be the priest’s: you shall also give to the priest the first of your dough, that he may cause the blessing to rest in your house.
Exodus 6:9	And Moses spoke so to the children of Israel: but they listened not to Moses for anguish of spirit, and for cruel bondage.
Leviticus 6:6	And he shall bring his trespass offering to the LORD, a ram without blemish out of the flock, with your estimation, for a trespass offering, to the priest:
Acts 10:10	And he became very hungry, and would have eaten: but while they made ready, he fell into a trance,
Daniel 6:20	And when he came to the den, he cried with a lamentable voice to Daniel: and the king spoke and said to Daniel, O Daniel, servant of the living God, is your God, whom you serve continually, able to deliver you from the lions?
John 3:18	He that believes on him is not condemned: but he that believes not is condemned already, because he has not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.
Mark 4:25	For he that has, to him shall be given: and he that has not, from him shall be taken even that which he has.
1 Kings 15:22	Then king Asa made a proclamation throughout all Judah; none was exempted: and they took away the stones of Ramah, and the timber thereof, with which Baasha had built; and king Asa built with them Geba of Benjamin, and Mizpah.
Ezekiel 43:14	And from the bottom on the ground even to the lower settle shall be two cubits, and the breadth one cubit; and from the lesser settle even to the greater settle shall be four cubits, and the breadth one cubit.
James 4:12	There is one lawgiver, who is able to save and to destroy: who are you that judge another?
Joshua 5:2	At that time the LORD said to Joshua, Make you sharp knives, and circumcise again the children of Israel the second time.
Ecclesiastes 2:4	I made me great works; I built me houses; I planted me vineyards:
Psalm 119:126	It is time for you, LORD, to work: for they have made void your law.
Exodus 18:18	You will surely wear away, both you, and this people that is with you: for this thing is too heavy for you; you are not able to perform it yourself alone.
Isaiah 57:12	I will declare your righteousness, and your works; for they shall not profit you.
Exodus 29:37	Seven days you shall make an atonement for the altar, and sanctify it; and it shall be an altar most holy: whatever touches the altar shall be holy.
2 Kings 16:13	And he burnt his burnt offering and his meat offering, and poured his drink offering, and sprinkled the blood of his peace offerings, on the altar.
1 Kings 7:26	And it was an hand breadth thick, and the brim thereof was worked like the brim of a cup, with flowers of lilies: it contained two thousand baths.
Job 12:10	In whose hand is the soul of every living thing, and the breath of all mankind.
Proverbs 24:33	Yet a little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding of the hands to sleep:
Numbers 19:20	But the man that shall be unclean, and shall not purify himself, that soul shall be cut off from among the congregation, because he has defiled the sanctuary of the LORD: the water of separation has not been sprinkled on him; he is unclean.
Proverbs 1:25	But you have set at nothing all my counsel, and would none of my reproof:
Leviticus 17:5	To the end that the children of Israel may bring their sacrifices, which they offer in the open field, even that they may bring them to the LORD, to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, to the priest, and offer them for peace offerings to the LORD.
Jeremiah 39:16	Go and speak to Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, saying, Thus said the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will bring my words on this city for evil, and not for good; and they shall be accomplished in that day before you.
Numbers 2:10	On the south side shall be the standard of the camp of Reuben according to their armies: and the captain of the children of Reuben shall be Elizur the son of Shedeur.
Psalm 103:22	Bless the LORD, all his works in all places of his dominion: bless the LORD, O my soul.
Galatians 1:9	As we said before, so say I now again, if any man preach any other gospel to you than that you have received, let him be accursed.
Deuteronomy 28:23	And your heaven that is over your head shall be brass, and the earth that is under you shall be iron.
Psalm 66:18	If I regard iniquity in my heart, the Lord will not hear me:
Acts 20:19	Serving the LORD with all humility of mind, and with many tears, and temptations, which befell me by the lying in wait of the Jews:
1 Chronicles 17:25	For you, O my God, have told your servant that you will build him an house: therefore your servant has found in his heart to pray before you.
1 Thessalonians 3:2	And sent Timotheus, our brother, and minister of God, and our fellow laborer in the gospel of Christ, to establish you, and to comfort you concerning your faith:
Luke 8:50	But when Jesus heard it, he answered him, saying, Fear not: believe only, and she shall be made whole.
Matthew 5:1	And seeing the multitudes, he went up into a mountain: and when he was set, his disciples came to him:
Acts 9:22	But Saul increased the more in strength, and confounded the Jews which dwelled at Damascus, proving that this is very Christ.
Ezekiel 40:19	Then he measured the breadth from the forefront of the lower gate to the forefront of the inner court without, an hundred cubits eastward and northward.
Proverbs 14:1	Every wise woman builds her house: but the foolish plucks it down with her hands.
Ezekiel 2:1	And he said to me, Son of man, stand on your feet, and I will speak to you.
Proverbs 21:17	He that loves pleasure shall be a poor man: he that loves wine and oil shall not be rich.
Leviticus 22:5	Or whoever touches any creeping thing, whereby he may be made unclean, or a man of whom he may take uncleanness, whatever uncleanness he has;
1 Samuel 11:11	And it was so on the morrow, that Saul put the people in three companies; and they came into the middle of the host in the morning watch, and slew the Ammonites until the heat of the day: and it came to pass, that they which remained were scattered, so that two of them were not left together.
Psalm 92:3	On an instrument of ten strings, and on the psaltery; on the harp with a solemn sound.
Psalm 79:9	Help us, O God of our salvation, for the glory of your name: and deliver us, and purge away our sins, for your name’s sake.
Numbers 7:47	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Eliasaph the son of Deuel.
Psalm 119:20	My soul breaks for the longing that it has to your judgments at all times.
Exodus 19:20	And the LORD came down on mount Sinai, on the top of the mount: and the LORD called Moses up to the top of the mount; and Moses went up.
Leviticus 17:12	Therefore I said to the children of Israel, No soul of you shall eat blood, neither shall any stranger that sojournes among you eat blood.
Luke 5:26	And they were all amazed, and they glorified God, and were filled with fear, saying, We have seen strange things to day.
1 Samuel 17:40	And he took his staff in his hand, and chose him five smooth stones out of the brook, and put them in a shepherd’s bag which he had, even in a money; and his sling was in his hand: and he drew near to the Philistine.
Joshua 10:15	And Joshua returned, and all Israel with him, to the camp to Gilgal.
1 Kings 14:16	And he shall give Israel up because of the sins of Jeroboam, who did sin, and who made Israel to sin.
Hebrews 9:4	Which had the golden censer, and the ark of the covenant overlaid round about with gold, wherein was the golden pot that had manna, and Aaron’s rod that budded, and the tables of the covenant;
2 Kings 19:24	I have dig and drunk strange waters, and with the sole of my feet have I dried up all the rivers of besieged places.
Luke 23:40	But the other answering rebuked him, saying, Do not you fear God, seeing you are in the same condemnation?
Judges 7:6	And the number of them that lapped, putting their hand to their mouth, were three hundred men: but all the rest of the people bowed down on their knees to drink water.
Jeremiah 51:48	Then the heaven and the earth, and all that is therein, shall sing for Babylon: for the spoilers shall come to her from the north, said the LORD.
Ephesians 3:21	To him be glory in the church by Christ Jesus throughout all ages, world without end. Amen.
2 Thessalonians 1:10	When he shall come to be glorified in his saints, and to be admired in all them that believe (because our testimony among you was believed) in that day.
Deuteronomy 16:8	Six days you shall eat unleavened bread: and on the seventh day shall be a solemn assembly to the LORD your God: you shall do no work therein.
Numbers 3:42	And Moses numbered, as the LORD commanded him, all the firstborn among the children of Israel.
1 Kings 4:6	And Ahishar was over the household: and Adoniram the son of Abda was over the tribute.
Psalm 78:23	Though he had commanded the clouds from above, and opened the doors of heaven,
Numbers 16:43	And Moses and Aaron came before the tabernacle of the congregation.
Numbers 33:32	And they removed from Benejaakan, and encamped at Horhagidgad.
2 Samuel 22:40	For you have girded me with strength to battle: them that rose up against me have you subdued under me.
Leviticus 23:43	That your generations may know that I made the children of Israel to dwell in booths, when I brought them out of the land of Egypt: I am the LORD your God.
Exodus 4:31	And the people believed: and when they heard that the LORD had visited the children of Israel, and that he had looked on their affliction, then they bowed their heads and worshipped.
Matthew 20:24	And when the ten heard it, they were moved with indignation against the two brothers.
Job 31:2	For what portion of God is there from above? and what inheritance of the Almighty from on high?
James 5:13	Is any among you afflicted? let him pray. Is any merry? let him sing psalms.
Matthew 23:26	You blind Pharisee, cleanse first that which is within the cup and platter, that the outside of them may be clean also.
Mark 15:10	For he knew that the chief priests had delivered him for envy.
Nehemiah 5:1	And there was a great cry of the people and of their wives against their brothers the Jews.
Revelation 16:10	And the fifth angel poured out his vial on the seat of the beast; and his kingdom was full of darkness; and they gnawed their tongues for pain,
1 Corinthians 10:23	All things are lawful for me, but all things are not expedient: all things are lawful for me, but all things edify not.
Genesis 13:18	Then Abram removed his tent, and came and dwelled in the plain of Mamre, which is in Hebron, and built there an altar to the LORD.
Luke 10:11	Even the very dust of your city, which sticks on us, we do wipe off against you: notwithstanding be you sure of this, that the kingdom of God is come near to you.
1 Corinthians 16:7	For I will not see you now by the way; but I trust to tarry a while with you, if the Lord permit.
Numbers 17:8	And it came to pass, that on the morrow Moses went into the tabernacle of witness; and, behold, the rod of Aaron for the house of Levi was budded, and brought forth buds, and bloomed blossoms, and yielded almonds.
1 Timothy 2:10	But (which becomes women professing godliness) with good works.
Daniel 8:13	Then I heard one saint speaking, and another saint said to that certain saint which spoke, How long shall be the vision concerning the daily sacrifice, and the transgression of desolation, to give both the sanctuary and the host to be trodden under foot?
Proverbs 29:26	Many seek the ruler’s favor; but every man’s judgment comes from the LORD.
1 Kings 14:6	And it was so, when Ahijah heard the sound of her feet, as she came in at the door, that he said, Come in, you wife of Jeroboam; why feign you yourself to be another? for I am sent to you with heavy tidings.
2 Chronicles 4:7	And he made ten candlesticks of gold according to their form, and set them in the temple, five on the right hand, and five on the left.
Ezekiel 5:16	When I shall send on them the evil arrows of famine, which shall be for their destruction, and which I will send to destroy you: and I will increase the famine on you, and will break your staff of bread:
1 Kings 10:18	Moreover the king made a great throne of ivory, and overlaid it with the best gold.
Acts 23:23	And he called to him two centurions, saying, Make ready two hundred soldiers to go to Caesarea, and horsemen three score and ten, and spearmen two hundred, at the third hour of the night;
Job 34:33	Should it be according to your mind? he will recompense it, whether you refuse, or whether you choose; and not I: therefore speak what you know.
Psalm 50:19	You give your mouth to evil, and your tongue frames deceit.
Matthew 17:21	However, this kind goes not out but by prayer and fasting.
Deuteronomy 23:4	Because they met you not with bread and with water in the way, when you came forth out of Egypt; and because they hired against you Balaam the son of Beor of Pethor of Mesopotamia, to curse you.
Genesis 3:14	And the LORD God said to the serpent, Because you have done this, you are cursed above all cattle, and above every beast of the field; on your belly shall you go, and dust shall you eat all the days of your life:
Deuteronomy 28:17	Cursed shall be your basket and your store.
1 Kings 11:24	And he gathered men to him, and became captain over a band, when David slew them of Zobah: and they went to Damascus, and dwelled therein, and reigned in Damascus.
Malachi 2:8	But you are departed out of the way; you have caused many to stumble at the law; you have corrupted the covenant of Levi, said the LORD of hosts.
Genesis 13:5	And Lot also, which went with Abram, had flocks, and herds, and tents.
Exodus 18:8	And Moses told his father in law all that the LORD had done to Pharaoh and to the Egyptians for Israel’s sake, and all the travail that had come on them by the way, and how the LORD delivered them.
Isaiah 18:1	Woe to the land shadowing with wings, which is beyond the rivers of Ethiopia:
Proverbs 14:24	The crown of the wise is their riches: but the foolishness of fools is folly.
Hosea 6:11	Also, O Judah, he has set an harvest for you, when I returned the captivity of my people.
Ezekiel 22:18	Son of man, the house of Israel is to me become dross: all they are brass, and tin, and iron, and lead, in the middle of the furnace; they are even the dross of silver.
1 Samuel 10:16	And Saul said to his uncle, He told us plainly that the asses were found. But of the matter of the kingdom, whereof Samuel spoke, he told him not.
Numbers 26:37	These are the families of the sons of Ephraim according to those that were numbered of them, thirty and two thousand and five hundred. These are the sons of Joseph after their families.
Matthew 2:23	And he came and dwelled in a city called Nazareth: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophets, He shall be called a Nazarene.
Leviticus 13:44	He is a leprous man, he is unclean: the priest shall pronounce him utterly unclean; his plague is in his head.
Mark 14:4	And there were some that had indignation within themselves, and said, Why was this waste of the ointment made?
1 Chronicles 15:29	And it came to pass, as the ark of the covenant of the LORD came to the city of David, that Michal, the daughter of Saul looking out at a window saw king David dancing and playing: and she despised him in her heart.
Matthew 22:29	Jesus answered and said to them, You do err, not knowing the scriptures, nor the power of God.
Matthew 3:7	But when he saw many of the Pharisees and Sadducees come to his baptism, he said to them, O generation of vipers, who has warned you to flee from the wrath to come?
2 Kings 8:15	And it came to pass on the morrow, that he took a thick cloth, and dipped it in water, and spread it on his face, so that he died: and Hazael reigned in his stead.
Isaiah 63:15	Look down from heaven, and behold from the habitation of your holiness and of your glory: where is your zeal and your strength, the sounding of your bowels and of your mercies toward me? are they restrained?
Psalm 102:18	This shall be written for the generation to come: and the people which shall be created shall praise the LORD.
Revelation 4:9	And when those beasts give glory and honor and thanks to him that sat on the throne, who lives for ever and ever,
Daniel 3:9	They spoke and said to the king Nebuchadnezzar, O king, live for ever.
Leviticus 22:11	But if the priest buy any soul with his money, he shall eat of it, and he that is born in his house: they shall eat of his meat.
Psalm 108:13	Through God we shall do valiantly: for he it is that shall tread down our enemies.
Hosea 6:7	But they like men have transgressed the covenant: there have they dealt treacherously against me.
2 Samuel 12:3	But the poor man had nothing, save one little ewe lamb, which he had bought and nourished up: and it grew up together with him, and with his children; it did eat of his own meat, and drank of his own cup, and lay in his bosom, and was to him as a daughter.
Luke 19:14	But his citizens hated him, and sent a message after him, saying, We will not have this man to reign over us.
2 Samuel 3:25	You know Abner the son of Ner, that he came to deceive you, and to know your going out and your coming in, and to know all that you do.
2 Peter 1:20	Knowing this first, that no prophecy of the scripture is of any private interpretation.
Genesis 46:24	And the sons of Naphtali; Jahzeel, and Guni, and Jezer, and Shillem.
Esther 1:11	To bring Vashti the queen before the king with the crown royal, to show the people and the princes her beauty: for she was fair to look on.
1 Corinthians 13:7	Bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things.
Proverbs 26:1	As snow in summer, and as rain in harvest, so honor is not seemly for a fool.
Joshua 13:18	And Jahaza, and Kedemoth, and Mephaath,
Deuteronomy 1:27	And you murmured in your tents, and said, Because the LORD hated us, he has brought us forth out of the land of Egypt, to deliver us into the hand of the Amorites, to destroy us.
Revelation 11:5	And if any man will hurt them, fire proceeds out of their mouth, and devours their enemies: and if any man will hurt them, he must in this manner be killed.
Psalm 89:17	For you are the glory of their strength: and in your favor our horn shall be exalted.
John 18:20	Jesus answered him, I spoke openly to the world; I ever taught in the synagogue, and in the temple, where the Jews always resort; and in secret have I said nothing.
Luke 10:8	And into whatever city you enter, and they receive you, eat such things as are set before you:
Micah 1:3	For, behold, the LORD comes forth out of his place, and will come down, and tread on the high places of the earth.
Numbers 26:61	And Nadab and Abihu died, when they offered strange fire before the LORD.
Leviticus 14:31	Even such as he is able to get, the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering, with the meat offering: and the priest shall make an atonement for him that is to be cleansed before the LORD.
Job 34:37	For he adds rebellion to his sin, he clapps his hands among us, and multiplies his words against God.
Genesis 18:19	For I know him, that he will command his children and his household after him, and they shall keep the way of the LORD, to do justice and judgment; that the LORD may bring on Abraham that which he has spoken of him.
Matthew 18:33	Should not you also have had compassion on your fellow servant, even as I had pity on you?
Psalm 105:22	To bind his princes at his pleasure; and teach his senators wisdom.
Ezra 7:11	Now this is the copy of the letter that the king Artaxerxes gave to Ezra the priest, the scribe, even a scribe of the words of the commandments of the LORD, and of his statutes to Israel.
Hosea 2:12	And I will destroy her vines and her fig trees, whereof she has said, These are my rewards that my lovers have given me: and I will make them a forest, and the beasts of the field shall eat them.
Nehemiah 9:31	Nevertheless for your great mercies’ sake you did not utterly consume them, nor forsake them; for you are a gracious and merciful God.
Luke 7:2	And a certain centurion’s servant, who was dear to him, was sick, and ready to die.
Numbers 27:14	For you rebelled against my commandment in the desert of Zin, in the strife of the congregation, to sanctify me at the water before their eyes: that is the water of Meribah in Kadesh in the wilderness of Zin.
Numbers 26:51	These were the numbered of the children of Israel, six hundred thousand and a thousand seven hundred and thirty.
Exodus 26:3	The five curtains shall be coupled together one to another; and other five curtains shall be coupled one to another.
Jonah 2:2	And said, I cried by reason of my affliction to the LORD, and he heard me; out of the belly of hell cried I, and you heard my voice.
John 18:16	But Peter stood at the door without. Then went out that other disciple, which was known to the high priest, and spoke to her that kept the door, and brought in Peter.
Hosea 4:13	They sacrifice on the tops of the mountains, and burn incense on the hills, under oaks and poplars and elms, because the shadow thereof is good: therefore your daughters shall commit prostitution, and your spouses shall commit adultery.
Deuteronomy 7:6	For you are an holy people to the LORD your God: the LORD your God has chosen you to be a special people to himself, above all people that are on the face of the earth.
Nehemiah 8:3	And he read therein before the street that was before the water gate from the morning until midday, before the men and the women, and those that could understand; and the ears of all the people were attentive to the book of the law.
Daniel 8:21	And the rough goat is the king of Grecia: and the great horn that is between his eyes is the first king.
Genesis 4:6	And the LORD said to Cain, Why are you wroth? and why is your countenance fallen?
1 Chronicles 4:16	And the sons of Jehaleleel; Ziph, and Ziphah, Tiria, and Asareel.
1 Chronicles 16:39	And Zadok the priest, and his brothers the priests, before the tabernacle of the LORD in the high place that was at Gibeon,
Isaiah 58:9	Then shall you call, and the LORD shall answer; you shall cry, and he shall say, Here I am. If you take away from the middle of you the yoke, the putting forth of the finger, and speaking vanity;
Deuteronomy 24:8	Take heed in the plague of leprosy, that you observe diligently, and do according to all that the priests the Levites shall teach you: as I commanded them, so you shall observe to do.
Joshua 19:11	And their border went up toward the sea, and Maralah, and reached to Dabbasheth, and reached to the river that is before Jokneam;
Exodus 29:39	The one lamb you shall offer in the morning; and the other lamb you shall offer at even:
Joshua 19:21	And Remeth, and Engannim, and Enhaddah, and Bethpazzez;
John 3:16	For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
Leviticus 11:30	And the ferret, and the chameleon, and the lizard, and the snail, and the mole.
Deuteronomy 34:9	And Joshua the son of Nun was full of the spirit of wisdom; for Moses had laid his hands on him: and the children of Israel listened to him, and did as the LORD commanded Moses.
Numbers 28:6	It is a continual burnt offering, which was ordained in mount Sinai for a sweet smell, a sacrifice made by fire to the LORD.
Jeremiah 22:28	Is this man Coniah a despised broken idol? is he a vessel wherein is no pleasure? why are they cast out, he and his seed, and are cast into a land which they know not?
Isaiah 36:14	Thus said the king, Let not Hezekiah deceive you: for he shall not be able to deliver you.
Genesis 31:42	Except the God of my father, the God of Abraham, and the fear of Isaac, had been with me, surely you had sent me away now empty. God has seen my affliction and the labor of my hands, and rebuked you last night.
Revelation 17:16	And the ten horns which you saw on the beast, these shall hate the whore, and shall make her desolate and naked, and shall eat her flesh, and burn her with fire.
2 Corinthians 11:24	Of the Jews five times received I forty stripes save one.
Ezekiel 33:17	Yet the children of your people say, The way of the Lord is not equal: but as for them, their way is not equal.
Joshua 7:11	Israel has sinned, and they have also transgressed my covenant which I commanded them: for they have even taken of the accursed thing, and have also stolen, and dissembled also, and they have put it even among their own stuff.
1 Kings 12:17	But as for the children of Israel which dwelled in the cities of Judah, Rehoboam reigned over them.
Psalm 107:42	The righteous shall see it, and rejoice: and all iniquity shall stop her mouth.
Luke 8:41	And, behold, there came a man named Jairus, and he was a ruler of the synagogue: and he fell down at Jesus’ feet, and sought him that he would come into his house:
Amos 9:11	In that day will I raise up the tabernacle of David that is fallen, and close up the breaches thereof; and I will raise up his ruins, and I will build it as in the days of old:
Isaiah 33:11	You shall conceive chaff, you shall bring forth stubble: your breath, as fire, shall devour you.
2 Kings 10:20	And Jehu said, Proclaim a solemn assembly for Baal. And they proclaimed it.
Daniel 8:4	I saw the ram pushing westward, and northward, and southward; so that no beasts might stand before him, neither was there any that could deliver out of his hand; but he did according to his will, and became great.
Psalm 25:9	The meek will he guide in judgment: and the meek will he teach his way.
Psalm 108:1	O god, my heart is fixed; I will sing and give praise, even with my glory.
Deuteronomy 29:19	And it come to pass, when he hears the words of this curse, that he bless himself in his heart, saying, I shall have peace, though I walk in the imagination of my heart, to add drunkenness to thirst:
2 Chronicles 23:18	Also Jehoiada appointed the offices of the house of the LORD by the hand of the priests the Levites, whom David had distributed in the house of the LORD, to offer the burnt offerings of the LORD, as it is written in the law of Moses, with rejoicing and with singing, as it was ordained by David.
2 Samuel 16:20	Then said Absalom to Ahithophel, Give counsel among you what we shall do.
Isaiah 31:4	For thus has the LORD spoken to me, Like as the lion and the young lion roaring on his prey, when a multitude of shepherds is called forth against him, he will not be afraid of their voice, nor abase himself for the noise of them: so shall the LORD of hosts come down to fight for mount Zion, and for the hill thereof.
1 Corinthians 16:3	And when I come, whomsoever you shall approve by your letters, them will I send to bring your liberality to Jerusalem.
Exodus 7:25	And seven days were fulfilled, after that the LORD had smitten the river.
Judges 21:22	And it shall be, when their fathers or their brothers come to us to complain, that we will say to them, Be favorable to them for our sakes: because we reserved not to each man his wife in the war: for you did not give to them at this time, that you should be guilty.
Romans 11:23	And they also, if they abide not still in unbelief, shall be grafted in: for God is able to graft them in again.
1 John 4:2	Hereby know you the Spirit of God: Every spirit that confesses that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is of God:
Romans 8:3	For what the law could not do, in that it was weak through the flesh, God sending his own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh, and for sin, condemned sin in the flesh:
Psalm 119:74	They that fear you will be glad when they see me; because I have hoped in your word.
Numbers 26:6	Of Hezron, the family of the Hezronites: of Carmi, the family of the Carmites.
1 Samuel 2:25	If one man sin against another, the judge shall judge him: but if a man sin against the LORD, who shall entreat for him? Notwithstanding they listened not to the voice of their father, because the LORD would slay them.
Numbers 31:29	Take it of their half, and give it to Eleazar the priest, for an heave offering of the LORD.
Exodus 35:8	And oil for the light, and spices for anointing oil, and for the sweet incense,
1 Chronicles 2:47	And the sons of Jahdai; Regem, and Jotham, and Gesham, and Pelet, and Ephah, and Shaaph.
Numbers 5:31	Then shall the man be guiltless from iniquity, and this woman shall bear her iniquity.
Luke 22:71	And they said, What need we any further witness? for we ourselves have heard of his own mouth.
2 Samuel 16:23	And the counsel of Ahithophel, which he counceled in those days, was as if a man had inquired at the oracle of God: so was all the counsel of Ahithophel both with David and with Absalom.
Amos 8:10	And I will turn your feasts into mourning, and all your songs into lamentation; and I will bring up sackcloth on all loins, and baldness on every head; and I will make it as the mourning of an only son, and the end thereof as a bitter day.
Isaiah 25:9	And it shall be said in that day, See, this is our God; we have waited for him, and he will save us: this is the LORD; we have waited for him, we will be glad and rejoice in his salvation.
Exodus 14:16	But lift you up your rod, and stretch out your hand over the sea, and divide it: and the children of Israel shall go on dry ground through the middle of the sea.
1 Kings 6:38	And in the eleventh year, in the month Bul, which is the eighth month, was the house finished throughout all the parts thereof, and according to all the fashion of it. So was he seven years in building it.
Isaiah 4:5	And the LORD will create on every dwelling place of mount Zion, and on her assemblies, a cloud and smoke by day, and the shining of a flaming fire by night: for on all the glory shall be a defense.
1 Kings 2:23	Then king Solomon swore by the LORD, saying, God do so to me, and more also, if Adonijah have not spoken this word against his own life.
Jeremiah 9:24	But let him that glories glory in this, that he understands and knows me, that I am the LORD which exercise loving kindness, judgment, and righteousness, in the earth: for in these things I delight, said the LORD.
Ezekiel 11:23	And the glory of the LORD went up from the middle of the city, and stood on the mountain which is on the east side of the city.
Genesis 42:17	And he put them all together into ward three days.
Ezekiel 26:1	And it came to pass in the eleventh year, in the first day of the month, that the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Micah 5:7	And the remnant of Jacob shall be in the middle of many people as a dew from the LORD, as the showers on the grass, that tarries not for man, nor waits for the sons of men.
Ezekiel 31:2	Son of man, speak to Pharaoh king of Egypt, and to his multitude; Whom are you like in your greatness?
Deuteronomy 4:7	For what nation is there so great, who has God so near to them, as the LORD our God is in all things that we call on him for?
Ezekiel 7:27	The king shall mourn, and the prince shall be clothed with desolation, and the hands of the people of the land shall be troubled: I will do to them after their way, and according to their deserts will I judge them; and they shall know that I am the LORD.
Exodus 15:13	You in your mercy have led forth the people which you have redeemed: you have guided them in your strength to your holy habitation.
Matthew 24:46	Blessed is that servant, whom his lord when he comes shall find so doing.
Numbers 31:21	And Eleazar the priest said to the men of war which went to the battle, This is the ordinance of the law which the LORD commanded Moses;
Jonah 1:15	So they look up Jonah, and cast him forth into the sea: and the sea ceased from her raging.
Exodus 34:11	Observe you that which I command you this day: behold, I drive out before you the Amorite, and the Canaanite, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, and the Hivite, and the Jebusite.
Psalm 119:72	The law of your mouth is better to me than thousands of gold and silver.
Ezekiel 13:11	Say to them which daub it with untempered mortar, that it shall fall: there shall be an overflowing shower; and you, O great hailstones, shall fall; and a stormy wind shall rend it.
Isaiah 47:4	As for our redeemer, the LORD of hosts is his name, the Holy One of Israel.
Genesis 41:55	And when all the land of Egypt was famished, the people cried to Pharaoh for bread: and Pharaoh said to all the Egyptians, Go to Joseph; what he said to you, do.
Revelation 21:14	And the wall of the city had twelve foundations, and in them the names of the twelve apostles of the Lamb.
1 Chronicles 9:36	And his firstborn son Abdon, then Zur, and Kish, and Baal, and Ner, and Nadab.
Proverbs 25:19	Confidence in an unfaithful man in time of trouble is like a broken tooth, and a foot out of joint.
Exodus 5:14	And the officers of the children of Israel, which Pharaoh’s taskmasters had set over them, were beaten, and demanded, Why have you not fulfilled your task in making brick both yesterday and to day, as heretofore?
Nehemiah 1:10	Now these are your servants and your people, whom you have redeemed by your great power, and by your strong hand.
Leviticus 6:17	It shall not be baked with leaven. I have given it to them for their portion of my offerings made by fire; it is most holy, as is the sin offering, and as the trespass offering.
Acts 14:16	Who in times past suffered all nations to walk in their own ways.
Jeremiah 8:12	Were they ashamed when they had committed abomination? no, they were not at all ashamed, neither could they blush: therefore shall they fall among them that fall: in the time of their visitation they shall be cast down, said the LORD.
Jeremiah 20:2	Then Pashur smote Jeremiah the prophet, and put him in the stocks that were in the high gate of Benjamin, which was by the house of the LORD.
Psalm 94:19	In the multitude of my thoughts within me your comforts delight my soul.
Micah 7:10	Then she that is my enemy shall see it, and shame shall cover her which said to me, Where is the LORD your God? my eyes shall behold her: now shall she be trodden down as the mire of the streets.
Matthew 18:19	Again I say to you, That if two of you shall agree on earth as touching any thing that they shall ask, it shall be done for them of my Father which is in heaven.
Daniel 12:5	Then I Daniel looked, and, behold, there stood other two, the one on this side of the bank of the river, and the other on that side of the bank of the river.
Joshua 15:60	Kirjathbaal, which is Kirjathjearim, and Rabbah; two cities with their villages:
2 Samuel 19:10	And Absalom, whom we anointed over us, is dead in battle. Now therefore why speak you not a word of bringing the king back?
Jeremiah 48:39	They shall howl, saying, How is it broken down! how has Moab turned the back with shame! so shall Moab be a derision and a dismaying to all them about him.
Jeremiah 6:1	O you children of Benjamin, gather yourselves to flee out of the middle of Jerusalem, and blow the trumpet in Tekoa, and set up a sign of fire in Bethhaccerem: for evil appears out of the north, and great destruction.
1 Corinthians 2:7	But we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery, even the hidden wisdom, which God ordained before the world to our glory:
Zechariah 1:19	And I said to the angel that talked with me, What be these? And he answered me, These are the horns which have scattered Judah, Israel, and Jerusalem.
Judges 2:10	And also all that generation were gathered to their fathers: and there arose another generation after them, which knew not the LORD, nor yet the works which he had done for Israel.
1 Samuel 26:7	So David and Abishai came to the people by night: and, behold, Saul lay sleeping within the trench, and his spear stuck in the ground at his bolster: but Abner and the people lay round about him.
Isaiah 25:7	And he will destroy in this mountain the face of the covering cast over all people, and the veil that is spread over all nations.
Hosea 14:7	They that dwell under his shadow shall return; they shall revive as the corn, and grow as the vine: the scent thereof shall be as the wine of Lebanon.
Luke 18:6	And the Lord said, Hear what the unjust judge said.
Esther 1:16	And Memucan answered before the king and the princes, Vashti the queen has not done wrong to the king only, but also to all the princes, and to all the people that are in all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus.
2 Samuel 22:29	For you are my lamp, O LORD: and the LORD will lighten my darkness.
Numbers 6:10	And on the eighth day he shall bring two turtles, or two young pigeons, to the priest, to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation:
Jeremiah 14:8	O the hope of Israel, the savior thereof in time of trouble, why should you be as a stranger in the land, and as a wayfaring man that turns aside to tarry for a night?
Isaiah 61:2	To proclaim the acceptable year of the LORD, and the day of vengeance of our God; to comfort all that mourn;
Revelation 3:3	Remember therefore how you have received and heard, and hold fast, and repent. If therefore you shall not watch, I will come on you as a thief, and you shall not know what hour I will come on you.
Psalm 115:4	Their idols are silver and gold, the work of men’s hands.
Exodus 38:1	And he made the altar of burnt offering of shittim wood: five cubits was the length thereof, and five cubits the breadth thereof; it was foursquare; and three cubits the height thereof.
Numbers 3:14	And the LORD spoke to Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, saying,
2 Kings 12:11	And they gave the money, being told, into the hands of them that did the work, that had the oversight of the house of the LORD: and they laid it out to the carpenters and builders, that worked on the house of the LORD,
2 Chronicles 20:9	If, when evil comes on us, as the sword, judgment, or pestilence, or famine, we stand before this house, and in your presence, (for your name is in this house,) and cry to you in our affliction, then you will hear and help.
Psalm 135:4	For the LORD has chosen Jacob to himself, and Israel for his peculiar treasure.
Luke 14:3	And Jesus answering spoke to the lawyers and Pharisees, saying, Is it lawful to heal on the sabbath day?
Exodus 5:2	And Pharaoh said, Who is the LORD, that I should obey his voice to let Israel go? I know not the LORD, neither will I let Israel go.
Jeremiah 25:5	They said, Turn you again now every one from his evil way, and from the evil of your doings, and dwell in the land that the LORD has given to you and to your fathers for ever and ever:
Numbers 4:36	And those that were numbered of them by their families were two thousand seven hundred and fifty.
2 Samuel 3:29	Let it rest on the head of Joab, and on all his father’s house; and let there not fail from the house of Joab one that has an issue, or that is a leper, or that leans on a staff, or that falls on the sword, or that lacks bread.
Luke 22:64	And when they had blindfolded him, they struck him on the face, and asked him, saying, Prophesy, who is it that smote you?
Mark 7:21	For from within, out of the heart of men, proceed evil thoughts, adulteries, fornications, murders,
Philippians 1:10	That you may approve things that are excellent; that you may be sincere and without offense till the day of Christ.
2 Chronicles 4:6	He made also ten lavers, and put five on the right hand, and five on the left, to wash in them: such things as they offered for the burnt offering they washed in them; but the sea was for the priests to wash in.
Jeremiah 33:16	In those days shall Judah be saved, and Jerusalem shall dwell safely: and this is the name with which she shall be called, The LORD our righteousness.
Numbers 31:25	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Psalm 64:8	So they shall make their own tongue to fall on themselves: all that see them shall flee away.
1 Kings 7:51	So was ended all the work that king Solomon made for the house of the LORD. And Solomon brought in the things which David his father had dedicated; even the silver, and the gold, and the vessels, did he put among the treasures of the house of the LORD.
Psalm 147:9	He gives to the beast his food, and to the young ravens which cry.
Psalm 66:14	Which my lips have uttered, and my mouth has spoken, when I was in trouble.
Genesis 41:13	And it came to pass, as he interpreted to us, so it was; me he restored to my office, and him he hanged.
Exodus 21:28	If an ox gore a man or a woman, that they die: then the ox shall be surely stoned, and his flesh shall not be eaten; but the owner of the ox shall be quit.
Luke 9:36	And when the voice was past, Jesus was found alone. And they kept it close, and told no man in those days any of those things which they had seen.
Ezekiel 46:2	And the prince shall enter by the way of the porch of that gate without, and shall stand by the post of the gate, and the priests shall prepare his burnt offering and his peace offerings, and he shall worship at the threshold of the gate: then he shall go forth; but the gate shall not be shut until the evening.
Genesis 31:13	I am the God of Bethel, where you anointed the pillar, and where you vowed a vow to me: now arise, get you out from this land, and return to the land of your kindred.
1 Kings 20:27	And the children of Israel were numbered, and were all present, and went against them: and the children of Israel pitched before them like two little flocks of kids; but the Syrians filled the country.
Exodus 29:41	And the other lamb you shall offer at even, and shall do thereto according to the meat offering of the morning, and according to the drink offering thereof, for a sweet smell, an offering made by fire to the LORD.
Matthew 14:7	Whereupon he promised with an oath to give her whatever she would ask.
Psalm 40:16	Let all those that seek you rejoice and be glad in you: let such as love your salvation say continually, The LORD be magnified.
Acts 4:28	For to do whatever your hand and your counsel determined before to be done.
Daniel 8:16	And I heard a man’s voice between the banks of Ulai, which called, and said, Gabriel, make this man to understand the vision.
Daniel 11:31	And arms shall stand on his part, and they shall pollute the sanctuary of strength, and shall take away the daily sacrifice, and they shall place the abomination that makes desolate.
Job 34:15	All flesh shall perish together, and man shall turn again to dust.
Psalm 106:39	Thus were they defiled with their own works, and went a whoring with their own inventions.
Nehemiah 11:17	And Mattaniah the son of Micha, the son of Zabdi, the son of Asaph, was the principal to begin the thanksgiving in prayer: and Bakbukiah the second among his brothers, and Abda the son of Shammua, the son of Galal, the son of Jeduthun.
Matthew 4:15	The land of Zabulon, and the land of Nephthalim, by the way of the sea, beyond Jordan, Galilee of the Gentiles;
Job 26:3	How have you counceled him that has no wisdom? and how have you plentifully declared the thing as it is?
Numbers 31:8	And they slew the kings of Midian, beside the rest of them that were slain; namely, Evi, and Rekem, and Zur, and Hur, and Reba, five kings of Midian: Balaam also the son of Beor they slew with the sword.
Exodus 35:9	And onyx stones, and stones to be set for the ephod, and for the breastplate.
1 Samuel 19:21	And when it was told Saul, he sent other messengers, and they prophesied likewise. And Saul sent messengers again the third time, and they prophesied also.
Numbers 6:17	And he shall offer the ram for a sacrifice of peace offerings to the LORD, with the basket of unleavened bread: the priest shall offer also his meat offering, and his drink offering.
Joel 2:24	And the floors shall be full of wheat, and the vats shall overflow with wine and oil.
Acts 11:4	But Peter rehearsed the matter from the beginning, and expounded it by order to them, saying,
2 Chronicles 30:19	That prepares his heart to seek God, the LORD God of his fathers, though he be not cleansed according to the purification of the sanctuary.
1 Samuel 17:5	And he had an helmet of brass on his head, and he was armed with a coat of mail; and the weight of the coat was five thousand shekels of brass.
Numbers 22:39	And Balaam went with Balak, and they came to Kirjathhuzoth.
Jeremiah 42:5	Then they said to Jeremiah, The LORD be a true and faithful witness between us, if we do not even according to all things for the which the LORD your God shall send you to us.
Luke 23:54	And that day was the preparation, and the sabbath drew on.
Luke 19:32	And they that were sent went their way, and found even as he had said to them.
Numbers 1:54	And the children of Israel did according to all that the LORD commanded Moses, so did they.
Isaiah 51:3	For the LORD shall comfort Zion: he will comfort all her waste places; and he will make her wilderness like Eden, and her desert like the garden of the LORD; joy and gladness shall be found therein, thanksgiving, and the voice of melody.
Numbers 36:13	These are the commandments and the judgments, which the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses to the children of Israel in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho.
2 Chronicles 33:19	His prayer also, and how God was entreated of him, and all his sins, and his trespass, and the places wherein he built high places, and set up groves and graven images, before he was humbled: behold, they are written among the sayings of the seers.
Job 4:15	Then a spirit passed before my face; the hair of my flesh stood up:
1 Samuel 25:42	And Abigail hurried, and arose and rode on an ass, with five damsels of hers that went after her; and she went after the messengers of David, and became his wife.
Daniel 1:16	Thus Melzar took away the portion of their meat, and the wine that they should drink; and gave them vegetables.
Psalm 77:12	I will meditate also of all your work, and talk of your doings.
Ezekiel 22:13	Behold, therefore I have smitten my hand at your dishonest gain which you have made, and at your blood which has been in the middle of you.
Leviticus 6:3	Or have found that which was lost, and lies concerning it, and swears falsely; in any of all these that a man does, sinning therein:
Psalm 4:6	There be many that say, Who will show us any good? LORD, lift you up the light of your countenance on us.
Job 15:33	He shall shake off his unripe grape as the vine, and shall cast off his flower as the olive.
1 Kings 17:3	Get you hence, and turn you eastward, and hide yourself by the brook Cherith, that is before Jordan.
Exodus 8:3	And the river shall bring forth frogs abundantly, which shall go up and come into your house, and into your bedchamber, and on your bed, and into the house of your servants, and on your people, and into your ovens, and into your kneading troughs:
Mark 9:12	And he answered and told them, Elias truly comes first, and restores all things; and how it is written of the Son of man, that he must suffer many things, and be set at nothing.
Luke 8:45	And Jesus said, Who touched me? When all denied, Peter and they that were with him said, Master, the multitude throng you and press you, and say you, Who touched me?
2 Corinthians 3:4	And such trust have we through Christ to God-ward:
2 Chronicles 4:16	The pots also, and the shovels, and the meat hooks, and all their instruments, did Huram his father make to king Solomon for the house of the LORD of bright brass.
1 Corinthians 16:20	All the brothers greet you. Greet you one another with an holy kiss.
Psalm 86:4	Rejoice the soul of your servant: for to you, O Lord, do I lift up my soul.
Hosea 14:2	Take with you words, and turn to the LORD: say to him, Take away all iniquity, and receive us graciously: so will we render the calves of our lips.
Isaiah 53:11	He shall see of the travail of his soul, and shall be satisfied: by his knowledge shall my righteous servant justify many; for he shall bear their iniquities.
Genesis 3:16	To the woman he said, I will greatly multiply your sorrow and your conception; in sorrow you shall bring forth children; and your desire shall be to your husband, and he shall rule over you.
Numbers 35:9	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Haggai 1:10	Therefore the heaven over you is stayed from dew, and the earth is stayed from her fruit.
John 20:7	And the napkin, that was about his head, not lying with the linen clothes, but wrapped together in a place by itself.
1 Kings 21:5	But Jezebel his wife came to him, and said to him, Why is your spirit so sad, that you eat no bread?
Leviticus 13:52	He shall therefore burn that garment, whether warp or woof, in woolen or in linen, or any thing of skin, wherein the plague is: for it is a fretting leprosy; it shall be burnt in the fire.
Psalm 77:19	Your way is in the sea, and your path in the great waters, and your footsteps are not known.
2 Chronicles 4:15	One sea, and twelve oxen under it.
Acts 13:42	And when the Jews were gone out of the synagogue, the Gentiles sought that these words might be preached to them the next sabbath.
Ezekiel 47:22	And it shall come to pass, that you shall divide it by lot for an inheritance to you, and to the strangers that sojourn among you, which shall beget children among you: and they shall be to you as born in the country among the children of Israel; they shall have inheritance with you among the tribes of Israel.
Proverbs 1:13	We shall find all precious substance, we shall fill our houses with spoil:
Genesis 12:12	Therefore it shall come to pass, when the Egyptians shall see you, that they shall say, This is his wife: and they will kill me, but they will save you alive.
Isaiah 43:5	Fear not: for I am with you: I will bring your seed from the east, and gather you from the west;
Job 15:16	How much more abominable and filthy is man, which drinks iniquity like water?
Job 37:20	Shall it be told him that I speak? if a man speak, surely he shall be swallowed up.
2 Samuel 19:32	Now Barzillai was a very aged man, even fourscore years old: and he had provided the king of sustenance while he lay at Mahanaim; for he was a very great man.
2 Samuel 22:41	You have also given me the necks of my enemies, that I might destroy them that hate me.
1 John 4:16	And we have known and believed the love that God has to us. God is love; and he that dwells in love dwells in God, and God in him.
Mark 13:3	And as he sat on the mount of Olives over against the temple, Peter and James and John and Andrew asked him privately,
Numbers 8:11	And Aaron shall offer the Levites before the LORD for an offering of the children of Israel, that they may execute the service of the LORD.
2 Kings 18:34	Where are the gods of Hamath, and of Arpad? where are the gods of Sepharvaim, Hena, and Ivah? have they delivered Samaria out of my hand?
2 Thessalonians 3:10	For even when we were with you, this we commanded you, that if any would not work, neither should he eat.
Job 22:3	Is it any pleasure to the Almighty, that you are righteous? or is it gain to him, that you make your ways perfect?
Romans 8:31	What shall we then say to these things? If God be for us, who can be against us?
Judges 10:6	And the children of Israel did evil again in the sight of the LORD, and served Baalim, and Ashtaroth, and the gods of Syria, and the gods of Zidon, and the gods of Moab, and the gods of the children of Ammon, and the gods of the Philistines, and forsook the LORD, and served not him.
Isaiah 28:24	Does the plowman plow all day to sow? does he open and break the clods of his ground?
Exodus 14:6	And he made ready his chariot, and took his people with him:
Genesis 14:4	Twelve years they served Chedorlaomer, and in the thirteenth year they rebelled.
Ezra 2:29	The children of Nebo, fifty and two.
Amos 6:5	That chant to the sound of the viol, and invent to themselves instruments of music, like David;
Matthew 24:35	Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.
Ezra 6:6	Now therefore, Tatnai, governor beyond the river, Shetharboznai, and your companions the Apharsachites, which are beyond the river, be you far from there:
Joshua 19:51	These are the inheritances, which Eleazar the priest, and Joshua the son of Nun, and the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel, divided for an inheritance by lot in Shiloh before the LORD, at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. So they made an end of dividing the country.
Judges 9:42	And it came to pass on the morrow, that the people went out into the field; and they told Abimelech.
Genesis 9:14	And it shall come to pass, when I bring a cloud over the earth, that the bow shall be seen in the cloud:
Acts 12:15	And they said to her, You are mad. But she constantly affirmed that it was even so. Then said they, It is his angel.
Acts 3:19	Repent you therefore, and be converted, that your sins may be blotted out, when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord.
Numbers 33:5	And the children of Israel removed from Rameses, and pitched in Succoth.
Psalm 107:15	Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men!
2 Timothy 2:14	Of these things put them in remembrance, charging them before the Lord that they strive not about words to no profit, but to the subverting of the hearers.
Matthew 13:16	But blessed are your eyes, for they see: and your ears, for they hear.
Luke 2:51	And he went down with them, and came to Nazareth, and was subject to them: but his mother kept all these sayings in her heart.
Nehemiah 6:6	Wherein was written, It is reported among the heathen, and Gashmu said it, that you and the Jews think to rebel: for which cause you build the wall, that you may be their king, according to these words.
Psalm 105:24	And he increased his people greatly; and made them stronger than their enemies.
Mark 14:50	And they all forsook him, and fled.
Joshua 3:8	And you shall command the priests that bear the ark of the covenant, saying, When you are come to the brink of the water of Jordan, you shall stand still in Jordan.
1 Kings 14:14	Moreover the LORD shall raise him up a king over Israel, who shall cut off the house of Jeroboam that day: but what? even now.
Ezekiel 28:10	You shall die the deaths of the uncircumcised by the hand of strangers: for I have spoken it, said the Lord GOD.
1 Kings 13:10	So he went another way, and returned not by the way that he came to Bethel.
Leviticus 14:57	To teach when it is unclean, and when it is clean: this is the law of leprosy.
Numbers 22:19	Now therefore, I pray you, tarry you also here this night, that I may know what the LORD will say to me more.
Acts 12:18	Now as soon as it was day, there was no small stir among the soldiers, what was become of Peter.
Psalm 9:14	That I may show forth all your praise in the gates of the daughter of Zion: I will rejoice in your salvation.
Ezekiel 40:34	And the arches thereof were toward the outward court; and palm trees were on the posts thereof, on this side, and on that side: and the going up to it had eight steps.
John 7:25	Then said some of them of Jerusalem, Is not this he, whom they seek to kill?
Ecclesiastes 8:13	But it shall not be well with the wicked, neither shall he prolong his days, which are as a shadow; because he fears not before God.
Habakkuk 1:12	Are you not from everlasting, O LORD my God, my Holy One? we shall not die. O LORD, you have ordained them for judgment; and, O mighty God, you have established them for correction.
1 Samuel 1:22	But Hannah went not up; for she said to her husband, I will not go up until the child be weaned, and then I will bring him, that he may appear before the LORD, and there abide for ever.
Ezekiel 18:20	The soul that sins, it shall die. The son shall not bear the iniquity of the father, neither shall the father bear the iniquity of the son: the righteousness of the righteous shall be on him, and the wickedness of the wicked shall be on him.
Acts 10:38	How God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power: who went about doing good, and healing all that were oppressed of the devil; for God was with him.
Leviticus 25:28	But if he be not able to restore it to him, then that which is sold shall remain in the hand of him that has bought it until the year of jubilee: and in the jubilee it shall go out, and he shall return to his possession.
Acts 24:24	And after certain days, when Felix came with his wife Drusilla, which was a Jewess, he sent for Paul, and heard him concerning the faith in Christ.
2 Kings 4:23	And he said, Why will you go to him to day? it is neither new moon, nor sabbath. And she said, It shall be well.
Proverbs 15:24	The way of life is above to the wise, that he may depart from hell beneath.
Daniel 1:10	And the prince of the eunuchs said to Daniel, I fear my lord the king, who has appointed your meat and your drink: for why should he see your faces worse liking than the children which are of your sort? then shall you make me endanger my head to the king.
Exodus 14:13	And Moses said to the people, Fear you not, stand still, and see the salvation of the LORD, which he will show to you to day: for the Egyptians whom you have seen to day, you shall see them again no more for ever.
Ezra 2:23	The men of Anathoth, an hundred twenty and eight.
Jeremiah 17:8	For he shall be as a tree planted by the waters, and that spreads out her roots by the river, and shall not see when heat comes, but her leaf shall be green; and shall not be careful in the year of drought, neither shall cease from yielding fruit.
Jeremiah 6:27	I have set you for a tower and a fortress among my people, that you may know and try their way.
Hebrews 13:2	Be not forgetful to entertain strangers: for thereby some have entertained angels unawares.
Song of Solomon 5:4	My beloved put in his hand by the hole of the door, and my bowels were moved for him.
Acts 12:19	And when Herod had sought for him, and found him not, he examined the keepers, and commanded that they should be put to death. And he went down from Judaea to Caesarea, and there stayed.
1 Corinthians 11:20	When you come together therefore into one place, this is not to eat the Lord’s supper.
Lamentations 2:18	Their heart cried to the LORD, O wall of the daughter of Zion, let tears run down like a river day and night: give yourself no rest; let not the apple of your eye cease.
Ezekiel 12:3	Therefore, you son of man, prepare you stuff for removing, and remove by day in their sight; and you shall remove from your place to another place in their sight: it may be they will consider, though they be a rebellious house.
Luke 17:9	Does he thank that servant because he did the things that were commanded him? I trow not.
Psalm 5:9	For there is no faithfulness in their mouth; their inward part is very wickedness; their throat is an open sepulcher; they flatter with their tongue.
Hebrews 11:28	Through faith he kept the passover, and the sprinkling of blood, lest he that destroyed the firstborn should touch them.
Nehemiah 3:32	And between the going up of the corner to the sheep gate repaired the goldsmiths and the merchants.
1 Samuel 18:24	And the servants of Saul told him, saying, On this manner spoke David.
Acts 13:4	So they, being sent forth by the Holy Ghost, departed to Seleucia; and from there they sailed to Cyprus.
Ezekiel 32:29	There is Edom, her kings, and all her princes, which with their might are laid by them that were slain by the sword: they shall lie with the uncircumcised, and with them that go down to the pit.
Ezra 6:2	And there was found at Achmetha, in the palace that is in the province of the Medes, a roll, and therein was a record thus written:
Exodus 26:33	And you shall hang up the veil under the clasps, that you may bring in thither within the veil the ark of the testimony: and the veil shall divide to you between the holy place and the most holy.
Exodus 11:4	And Moses said, Thus said the LORD, About midnight will I go out into the middle of Egypt:
Exodus 38:28	And of the thousand seven hundred seventy and five shekels he made hooks for the pillars, and overlaid their capitals, and filleted them.
Exodus 21:30	If there be laid on him a sum of money, then he shall give for the ransom of his life whatever is laid on him.
Exodus 22:19	Whoever lies with a beast shall surely be put to death.
Isaiah 56:12	Come you, say they, I will fetch wine, and we will fill ourselves with strong drink; and to morrow shall be as this day, and much more abundant.
Psalm 69:34	Let the heaven and earth praise him, the seas, and every thing that moves therein.
1 Kings 12:1	And Rehoboam went to Shechem: for all Israel were come to Shechem to make him king.
Hebrews 3:12	Take heed, brothers, lest there be in any of you an evil heart of unbelief, in departing from the living God.
Mark 9:33	And he came to Capernaum: and being in the house he asked them, What was it that you disputed among yourselves by the way?
Genesis 49:14	Issachar is a strong ass couching down between two burdens:
1 Samuel 23:12	Then said David, Will the men of Keilah deliver me and my men into the hand of Saul? And the LORD said, They will deliver you up.
Genesis 13:16	And I will make your seed as the dust of the earth: so that if a man can number the dust of the earth, then shall your seed also be numbered.
Exodus 2:20	And he said to his daughters, And where is he? why is it that you have left the man? call him, that he may eat bread.
Nehemiah 13:15	In those days saw I in Judah some treading wine presses on the sabbath, and bringing in sheaves, and lading asses; as also wine, grapes, and figs, and all manner of burdens, which they brought into Jerusalem on the sabbath day: and I testified against them in the day wherein they sold victuals.
Exodus 18:24	So Moses listened to the voice of his father in law, and did all that he had said.
Zechariah 9:10	And I will cut off the chariot from Ephraim, and the horse from Jerusalem, and the battle bow shall be cut off: and he shall speak peace to the heathen: and his dominion shall be from sea even to sea, and from the river even to the ends of the earth.
Habakkuk 3:11	The sun and moon stood still in their habitation: at the light of your arrows they went, and at the shining of your glittering spear.
Luke 5:13	And he put forth his hand, and touched him, saying, I will: be you clean. And immediately the leprosy departed from him.
Exodus 39:1	And of the blue, and purple, and scarlet, they made cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, and made the holy garments for Aaron; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Ezekiel 27:28	The suburbs shall shake at the sound of the cry of your pilots.
Genesis 46:13	And the sons of Issachar; Tola, and Phuvah, and Job, and Shimron.
Romans 14:15	But if your brother be grieved with your meat, now walk you not charitably. Destroy not him with your meat, for whom Christ died.
Matthew 10:40	He that receives you receives me, and he that receives me receives him that sent me.
Genesis 27:23	And he discerned him not, because his hands were hairy, as his brother Esau’s hands: so he blessed him.
Proverbs 14:6	A scorner seeks wisdom, and finds it not: but knowledge is easy to him that understands.
2 Chronicles 35:9	Conaniah also, and Shemaiah and Nethaneel, his brothers, and Hashabiah and Jeiel and Jozabad, chief of the Levites, gave to the Levites for passover offerings five thousand small cattle, and five hundred oxen.
Numbers 4:31	And this is the charge of their burden, according to all their service in the tabernacle of the congregation; the boards of the tabernacle, and the bars thereof, and the pillars thereof, and sockets thereof,
2 Kings 18:25	Am I now come up without the LORD against this place to destroy it? The LORD said to me, Go up against this land, and destroy it.
Acts 5:38	And now I say to you, Refrain from these men, and let them alone: for if this counsel or this work be of men, it will come to nothing:
Numbers 18:22	Neither must the children of Israel from now on come near the tabernacle of the congregation, lest they bear sin, and die.
Matthew 14:14	And Jesus went forth, and saw a great multitude, and was moved with compassion toward them, and he healed their sick.
Matthew 15:29	And Jesus departed from there, and came near to the sea of Galilee; and went up into a mountain, and sat down there.
Joshua 24:32	And the bones of Joseph, which the children of Israel brought up out of Egypt, buried they in Shechem, in a parcel of ground which Jacob bought of the sons of Hamor the father of Shechem for an hundred pieces of silver: and it became the inheritance of the children of Joseph.
Exodus 25:20	And the cherubim shall stretch forth their wings on high, covering the mercy seat with their wings, and their faces shall look one to another; toward the mercy seat shall the faces of the cherubim be.
1 Chronicles 3:18	Malchiram also, and Pedaiah, and Shenazar, Jecamiah, Hoshama, and Nedabiah.
Genesis 44:12	And he searched, and began at the oldest, and left at the youngest: and the cup was found in Benjamin’s sack.
Luke 7:25	But what went you out for to see? A man clothed in soft raiment? Behold, they which are gorgeously appareled, and live delicately, are in kings’ courts.
2 Kings 8:21	So Joram went over to Zair, and all the chariots with him: and he rose by night, and smote the Edomites which compassed him about, and the captains of the chariots: and the people fled into their tents.
Ecclesiastes 2:7	I got me servants and maidens, and had servants born in my house; also I had great possessions of great and small cattle above all that were in Jerusalem before me:
1 Chronicles 6:26	As for Elkanah: the sons of Elkanah; Zophai his son, and Nahath his son,
1 Samuel 23:14	And David stayed in the wilderness in strong holds, and remained in a mountain in the wilderness of Ziph. And Saul sought him every day, but God delivered him not into his hand.
Ecclesiastes 3:9	What profit has he that works in that wherein he labors?
Mark 4:31	It is like a grain of mustard seed, which, when it is sown in the earth, is less than all the seeds that be in the earth:
1 Kings 11:37	And I will take you, and you shall reign according to all that your soul desires, and shall be king over Israel.
Exodus 34:17	You shall make you no molten gods.
Numbers 7:35	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Elizur the son of Shedeur.
Acts 3:26	To you first God, having raised up his Son Jesus, sent him to bless you, in turning away every one of you from his iniquities.
Mark 6:24	And she went forth, and said to her mother, What shall I ask? And she said, The head of John the Baptist.
1 Chronicles 7:12	Shuppim also, and Huppim, the children of Ir, and Hushim, the sons of Aher.
Isaiah 61:11	For as the earth brings forth her bud, and as the garden causes the things that are sown in it to spring forth; so the Lord GOD will cause righteousness and praise to spring forth before all the nations.
2 Chronicles 34:9	And when they came to Hilkiah the high priest, they delivered the money that was brought into the house of God, which the Levites that kept the doors had gathered of the hand of Manasseh and Ephraim, and of all the remnant of Israel, and of all Judah and Benjamin; and they returned to Jerusalem.
Psalm 107:2	Let the redeemed of the LORD say so, whom he has redeemed from the hand of the enemy;
Matthew 8:33	And they that kept them fled, and went their ways into the city, and told every thing, and what was befallen to the possessed of the devils.
Psalm 76:2	In Salem also is his tabernacle, and his dwelling place in Zion.
Lamentations 5:4	We have drunken our water for money; our wood is sold to us.
2 Kings 10:28	Thus Jehu destroyed Baal out of Israel.
2 Chronicles 24:27	Now concerning his sons, and the greatness of the burdens laid on him, and the repairing of the house of God, behold, they are written in the story of the book of the kings. And Amaziah his son reigned in his stead.
1 Chronicles 17:19	O LORD, for your servant’s sake, and according to your own heart, have you done all this greatness, in making known all these great things.
Psalm 3:7	Arise, O LORD; save me, O my God: for you have smitten all my enemies on the cheek bone; you have broken the teeth of the ungodly.
Psalm 88:14	LORD, why cast you off my soul? why hide you your face from me?
1 Timothy 6:6	But godliness with contentment is great gain.
Psalm 103:16	For the wind passes over it, and it is gone; and the place thereof shall know it no more.
Numbers 16:42	And it came to pass, when the congregation was gathered against Moses and against Aaron, that they looked toward the tabernacle of the congregation: and, behold, the cloud covered it, and the glory of the LORD appeared.
Luke 9:35	And there came a voice out of the cloud, saying, This is my beloved Son: hear him.
Ezra 10:38	And Bani, and Binnui, Shimei,
Jeremiah 49:2	Therefore, behold, the days come, said the LORD, that I will cause an alarm of war to be heard in Rabbah of the Ammonites; and it shall be a desolate heap, and her daughters shall be burned with fire: then shall Israel be heir to them that were his heirs, said the LORD.
Psalm 69:17	And hide not your face from your servant; for I am in trouble: hear me speedily.
2 Samuel 10:18	And the Syrians fled before Israel; and David slew the men of seven hundred chariots of the Syrians, and forty thousand horsemen, and smote Shobach the captain of their host, who died there.
Exodus 19:24	And the LORD said to him, Away, get you down, and you shall come up, you, and Aaron with you: but let not the priests and the people break through to come up to the LORD, lest he break forth on them.
John 6:43	Jesus therefore answered and said to them, Murmur not among yourselves.
1 Kings 2:34	So Benaiah the son of Jehoiada went up, and fell on him, and slew him: and he was buried in his own house in the wilderness.
Mark 12:17	And Jesus answering said to them, Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar’s, and to God the things that are God’s. And they marveled at him.
Jeremiah 32:37	Behold, I will gather them out of all countries, where I have driven them in my anger, and in my fury, and in great wrath; and I will bring them again to this place, and I will cause them to dwell safely:
Ruth 4:12	And let your house be like the house of Pharez, whom Tamar bore to Judah, of the seed which the LORD shall give you of this young woman.
Job 27:4	My lips shall not speak wickedness, nor my tongue utter deceit.
Hosea 11:5	He shall not return into the land of Egypt, and the Assyrian shall be his king, because they refused to return.
Jeremiah 32:13	And I charged Baruch before them, saying,
1 Chronicles 17:4	Go and tell David my servant, Thus said the LORD, You shall not build me an house to dwell in:
Deuteronomy 16:13	You shall observe the feast of tabernacles seven days, after that you have gathered in your corn and your wine:
Ezekiel 45:16	All the people of the land shall give this oblation for the prince in Israel.
Romans 3:30	Seeing it is one God, which shall justify the circumcision by faith, and uncircumcision through faith.
1 Samuel 9:9	(Beforetime in Israel, when a man went to inquire of God, thus he spoke, Come, and let us go to the seer: for he that is now called a Prophet was beforetime called a Seer.)
Jeremiah 9:16	I will scatter them also among the heathen, whom neither they nor their fathers have known: and I will send a sword after them, till I have consumed them.
Romans 15:11	And again, Praise the Lord, all you Gentiles; and laud him, all you people.
Numbers 19:12	He shall purify himself with it on the third day, and on the seventh day he shall be clean: but if he purify not himself the third day, then the seventh day he shall not be clean.
Zechariah 10:12	And I will strengthen them in the LORD; and they shall walk up and down in his name, said the LORD.
1 Peter 3:19	By which also he went and preached to the spirits in prison;
Isaiah 35:2	It shall blossom abundantly, and rejoice even with joy and singing: the glory of Lebanon shall be given to it, the excellency of Carmel and Sharon, they shall see the glory of the LORD, and the excellency of our God.
1 Chronicles 12:21	And they helped David against the band of the rovers: for they were all mighty men of valor, and were captains in the host.
Proverbs 25:21	If your enemy be hungry, give him bread to eat; and if he be thirsty, give him water to drink:
Judges 20:27	And the children of Israel inquired of the LORD, (for the ark of the covenant of God was there in those days,
Exodus 39:35	The ark of the testimony, and the staves thereof, and the mercy seat,
Numbers 26:45	Of the sons of Beriah: of Heber, the family of the Heberites: of Malchiel, the family of the Malchielites.
Exodus 14:25	And took off their chariot wheels, that they drove them heavily: so that the Egyptians said, Let us flee from the face of Israel; for the LORD fights for them against the Egyptians.
1 Samuel 28:12	And when the woman saw Samuel, she cried with a loud voice: and the woman spoke to Saul, saying, Why have you deceived me? for you are Saul.
Hebrews 10:4	For it is not possible that the blood of bulls and of goats should take away sins.
Leviticus 4:22	When a ruler has sinned, and done somewhat through ignorance against any of the commandments of the LORD his God concerning things which should not be done, and is guilty;
Psalm 27:10	When my father and my mother forsake me, then the LORD will take me up.
2 Samuel 7:19	And this was yet a small thing in your sight, O Lord GOD; but you have spoken also of your servant’s house for a great while to come. And is this the manner of man, O Lord GOD?
Job 37:19	Teach us what we shall say to him; for we cannot order our speech by reason of darkness.
Genesis 11:21	And Reu lived after he begat Serug two hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters.
1 Corinthians 7:33	But he that is married cares for the things that are of the world, how he may please his wife.
Joshua 18:28	And Zelah, Eleph, and Jebusi, which is Jerusalem, Gibeath, and Kirjath; fourteen cities with their villages. This is the inheritance of the children of Benjamin according to their families.
1 Samuel 17:46	This day will the LORD deliver you into my hand; and I will smite you, and take your head from you; and I will give the carcasses of the host of the Philistines this day to the fowls of the air, and to the wild beasts of the earth; that all the earth may know that there is a God in Israel.
Revelation 2:24	But to you I say, and to the rest in Thyatira, as many as have not this doctrine, and which have not known the depths of Satan, as they speak; I will put on you none other burden.
Luke 21:11	And great earthquakes shall be in divers places, and famines, and pestilences; and fearful sights and great signs shall there be from heaven.
Job 10:20	Are not my days few? cease then, and let me alone, that I may take comfort a little,
Mark 12:19	Master, Moses wrote to us, If a man’s brother die, and leave his wife behind him, and leave no children, that his brother should take his wife, and raise up seed to his brother.
Proverbs 25:26	A righteous man falling down before the wicked is as a troubled fountain, and a corrupt spring.
2 Kings 19:25	Have you not heard long ago how I have done it, and of ancient times that I have formed it? now have I brought it to pass, that you should be to lay waste fenced cities into ruinous heaps.
Numbers 19:6	And the priest shall take cedar wood, and hyssop, and scarlet, and cast it into the middle of the burning of the heifer.
Deuteronomy 23:19	You shall not lend on usury to your brother; usury of money, usury of victuals, usury of any thing that is lent on usury:
Ecclesiastes 11:9	Rejoice, O young man, in your youth; and let your heart cheer you in the days of your youth, and walk in the ways of your heart, and in the sight of your eyes: but know you, that for all these things God will bring you into judgment.
Ezekiel 3:14	So the spirit lifted me up, and took me away, and I went in bitterness, in the heat of my spirit; but the hand of the LORD was strong on me.
2 Samuel 6:7	And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Uzzah; and God smote him there for his error; and there he died by the ark of God.
Joshua 1:9	Have not I commanded you? Be strong and of a good courage; be not afraid, neither be you dismayed: for the LORD your God is with you wherever you go.
Leviticus 14:4	Then shall the priest command to take for him that is to be cleansed two birds alive and clean, and cedar wood, and scarlet, and hyssop:
Daniel 8:7	And I saw him come close to the ram, and he was moved with choler against him, and smote the ram, and broke his two horns: and there was no power in the ram to stand before him, but he cast him down to the ground, and stamped on him: and there was none that could deliver the ram out of his hand.
Mark 3:6	And the Pharisees went forth, and straightway took counsel with the Herodians against him, how they might destroy him.
Mark 12:24	And Jesus answering said to them, Do you not therefore err, because you know not the scriptures, neither the power of God?
Genesis 20:14	And Abimelech took sheep, and oxen, and menservants, and womenservants, and gave them to Abraham, and restored him Sarah his wife.
Genesis 46:30	And Israel said to Joseph, Now let me die, since I have seen your face, because you are yet alive.
Ezekiel 4:1	You also, son of man, take you a tile, and lay it before you, and portray on it the city, even Jerusalem:
Ephesians 6:24	Grace be with all them that love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. Amen.
Nehemiah 7:27	The men of Anathoth, an hundred twenty and eight.
2 Chronicles 3:4	And the porch that was in the front of the house, the length of it was according to the breadth of the house, twenty cubits, and the height was an hundred and twenty: and he overlaid it within with pure gold.
Judges 17:9	And Micah said to him, From where come you? And he said to him, I am a Levite of Bethlehemjudah, and I go to sojourn where I may find a place.
Leviticus 4:26	And he shall burn all his fat on the altar, as the fat of the sacrifice of peace offerings: and the priest shall make an atonement for him as concerning his sin, and it shall be forgiven him.
Nehemiah 9:8	And found his heart faithful before you, and made a covenant with him to give the land of the Canaanites, the Hittites, the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Jebusites, and the Girgashites, to give it, I say, to his seed, and have performed your words; for you are righteous:
John 21:22	Jesus said to him, If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to you? follow you me.
Job 36:7	He withdraws not his eyes from the righteous: but with kings are they on the throne; yes, he does establish them for ever, and they are exalted.
Acts 2:28	You have made known to me the ways of life; you shall make me full of joy with your countenance.
Matthew 3:6	And were baptized of him in Jordan, confessing their sins.
Joshua 20:7	And they appointed Kedesh in Galilee in mount Naphtali, and Shechem in mount Ephraim, and Kirjatharba, which is Hebron, in the mountain of Judah.
Song of Solomon 1:7	Tell me, O you whom my soul loves, where you feed, where you make your flock to rest at noon: for why should I be as one that turns aside by the flocks of your companions?
Daniel 1:2	And the Lord gave Jehoiakim king of Judah into his hand, with part of the vessels of the house of God: which he carried into the land of Shinar to the house of his god; and he brought the vessels into the treasure house of his god.
Genesis 2:16	And the LORD God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the garden you may freely eat:
Psalm 104:24	O LORD, how manifold are your works! in wisdom have you made them all: the earth is full of your riches.
1 Samuel 8:13	And he will take your daughters to be confectionaries, and to be cooks, and to be bakers.
Genesis 38:4	And she conceived again, and bore a son; and she called his name Onan.
Joshua 7:20	And Achan answered Joshua, and said, Indeed I have sinned against the LORD God of Israel, and thus and thus have I done:
2 Samuel 11:10	And when they had told David, saying, Uriah went not down to his house, David said to Uriah, Came you not from your journey? why then did you not go down to your house?
Mark 6:52	For they considered not the miracle of the loaves: for their heart was hardened.
1 Corinthians 7:26	I suppose therefore that this is good for the present distress, I say, that it is good for a man so to be.
Job 4:9	By the blast of God they perish, and by the breath of his nostrils are they consumed.
Mark 6:50	For they all saw him, and were troubled. And immediately he talked with them, and said to them, Be of good cheer: it is I; be not afraid.
Jeremiah 50:30	Therefore shall her young men fall in the streets, and all her men of war shall be cut off in that day, said the LORD.
1 Samuel 2:23	And he said to them, Why do you such things? for I hear of your evil dealings by all this people.
Luke 11:40	You fools, did not he that made that which is without make that which is within also?
Numbers 31:39	And the asses were thirty thousand and five hundred; of which the LORD’s tribute was three score and one.
Deuteronomy 10:17	For the LORD your God is God of gods, and Lord of lords, a great God, a mighty, and a terrible, which regards not persons, nor takes reward:
Luke 21:5	And as some spoke of the temple, how it was adorned with goodly stones and gifts, he said,
Numbers 26:17	Of Arod, the family of the Arodites: of Areli, the family of the Arelites.
Deuteronomy 5:15	And remember that you were a servant in the land of Egypt, and that the LORD your God brought you out there through a mighty hand and by a stretched out arm: therefore the LORD your God commanded you to keep the sabbath day.
Joshua 13:20	And Bethpeor, and Ashdothpisgah, and Bethjeshimoth,
Genesis 41:9	Then spoke the chief butler to Pharaoh, saying, I do remember my faults this day:
Judges 19:2	And his concubine played the whore against him, and went away from him to her father’s house to Bethlehemjudah, and was there four whole months.
Exodus 14:28	And the waters returned, and covered the chariots, and the horsemen, and all the host of Pharaoh that came into the sea after them; there remained not so much as one of them.
1 Timothy 5:17	Let the elders that rule well be counted worthy of double honor, especially they who labor in the word and doctrine.
Leviticus 13:53	And if the priest shall look, and, behold, the plague be not spread in the garment, either in the warp, or in the woof, or in any thing of skin;
Hebrews 7:11	If therefore perfection were by the Levitical priesthood, (for under it the people received the law,) what further need was there that another priest should rise after the order of Melchisedec, and not be called after the order of Aaron?
Proverbs 21:19	It is better to dwell in the wilderness, than with a contentious and an angry woman.
Jeremiah 28:7	Nevertheless hear you now this word that I speak in your ears, and in the ears of all the people;
John 17:26	And I have declared to them your name, and will declare it: that the love with which you have loved me may be in them, and I in them.
Ezra 5:11	And thus they returned us answer, saying, We are the servants of the God of heaven and earth, and build the house that was built these many years ago, which a great king of Israel built and set up.
Deuteronomy 6:8	And you shall bind them for a sign on your hand, and they shall be as frontlets between your eyes.
Psalm 115:1	Not to us, O LORD, not to us, but to your name give glory, for your mercy, and for your truth’s sake.
Deuteronomy 28:34	So that you shall be mad for the sight of your eyes which you shall see.
Jeremiah 44:5	But they listened not, nor inclined their ear to turn from their wickedness, to burn no incense to other gods.
Judges 16:19	And she made him sleep on her knees; and she called for a man, and she caused him to shave off the seven locks of his head; and she began to afflict him, and his strength went from him.
Micah 7:14	Feed your people with your rod, the flock of your heritage, which dwell solitarily in the wood, in the middle of Carmel: let them feed in Bashan and Gilead, as in the days of old.
Daniel 9:2	In the first year of his reign I Daniel understood by books the number of the years, whereof the word of the LORD came to Jeremiah the prophet, that he would accomplish seventy years in the desolations of Jerusalem.
Deuteronomy 5:23	And it came to pass, when you heard the voice out of the middle of the darkness, (for the mountain did burn with fire,) that you came near to me, even all the heads of your tribes, and your elders;
Isaiah 48:16	Come you near to me, hear you this; I have not spoken in secret from the beginning; from the time that it was, there am I: and now the Lord GOD, and his Spirit, has sent me.
Jeremiah 37:13	And when he was in the gate of Benjamin, a captain of the ward was there, whose name was Irijah, the son of Shelemiah, the son of Hananiah; and he took Jeremiah the prophet, saying, You fall away to the Chaldeans.
Psalm 36:9	For with you is the fountain of life: in your light shall we see light.
Galatians 1:10	For do I now persuade men, or God? or do I seek to please men? for if I yet pleased men, I should not be the servant of Christ.
Isaiah 8:13	Sanctify the LORD of hosts himself; and let him be your fear, and let him be your dread.
Proverbs 28:17	A man that does violence to the blood of any person shall flee to the pit; let no man stay him.
Galatians 2:15	We who are Jews by nature, and not sinners of the Gentiles,
Ezekiel 40:39	And in the porch of the gate were two tables on this side, and two tables on that side, to slay thereon the burnt offering and the sin offering and the trespass offering.
Luke 6:45	A good man out of the good treasure of his heart brings forth that which is good; and an evil man out of the evil treasure of his heart brings forth that which is evil: for of the abundance of the heart his mouth speaks.
Psalm 83:6	The tabernacles of Edom, and the Ishmaelites; of Moab, and the Hagarenes;
2 Timothy 4:13	The cloak that I left at Troas with Carpus, when you come, bring with you, and the books, but especially the parchments.
1 Kings 5:12	And the LORD gave Solomon wisdom, as he promised him: and there was peace between Hiram and Solomon; and they two made a league together.
Numbers 28:10	This is the burnt offering of every sabbath, beside the continual burnt offering, and his drink offering.
Proverbs 4:23	Keep your heart with all diligence; for out of it are the issues of life.
Revelation 21:19	And the foundations of the wall of the city were garnished with all manner of precious stones. The first foundation was jasper; the second, sapphire; the third, a chalcedony; the fourth, an emerald;
Ezekiel 18:14	Now, see, if he beget a son, that sees all his father’s sins which he has done, and considers, and does not such like,
Judges 20:32	And the children of Benjamin said, They are smitten down before us, as at the first. But the children of Israel said, Let us flee, and draw them from the city to the highways.
Isaiah 10:20	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the remnant of Israel, and such as are escaped of the house of Jacob, shall no more again stay on him that smote them; but shall stay on the LORD, the Holy One of Israel, in truth.
Psalm 69:8	I am become a stranger to my brothers, and an alien to my mother’s children.
Esther 8:3	And Esther spoke yet again before the king, and fell down at his feet, and sought him with tears to put away the mischief of Haman the Agagite, and his device that he had devised against the Jews.
Philippians 4:10	But I rejoiced in the Lord greatly, that now at the last your care of me has flourished again; wherein you were also careful, but you lacked opportunity.
2 Chronicles 19:1	And Jehoshaphat the king of Judah returned to his house in peace to Jerusalem.
1 Kings 2:38	And Shimei said to the king, The saying is good: as my lord the king has said, so will your servant do. And Shimei dwelled in Jerusalem many days.
Zechariah 12:12	And the land shall mourn, every family apart; the family of the house of David apart, and their wives apart; the family of the house of Nathan apart, and their wives apart;
Jeremiah 28:9	The prophet which prophesies of peace, when the word of the prophet shall come to pass, then shall the prophet be known, that the LORD has truly sent him.
Judges 11:36	And she said to him, My father, if you have opened your mouth to the LORD, do to me according to that which has proceeded out of your mouth; for as much as the LORD has taken vengeance for you of your enemies, even of the children of Ammon.
Proverbs 28:6	Better is the poor that walks in his uprightness, than he that is perverse in his ways, though he be rich.
Joel 2:4	The appearance of them is as the appearance of horses; and as horsemen, so shall they run.
2 Chronicles 21:14	Behold, with a great plague will the LORD smite your people, and your children, and your wives, and all your goods:
Psalm 70:4	Let all those that seek you rejoice and be glad in you: and let such as love your salvation say continually, Let God be magnified.
Psalm 53:5	There were they in great fear, where no fear was: for God has scattered the bones of him that encamps against you: you have put them to shame, because God has despised them.
Exodus 39:6	And they worked onyx stones enclosed in ouches of gold, graven, as signets are graven, with the names of the children of Israel.
Philippians 2:16	Holding forth the word of life; that I may rejoice in the day of Christ, that I have not run in vain, neither labored in vain.
Exodus 10:11	Not so: go now you that are men, and serve the LORD; for that you did desire. And they were driven out from Pharaoh’s presence.
1 Samuel 22:13	And Saul said to him, Why have you conspired against me, you and the son of Jesse, in that you have given him bread, and a sword, and have inquired of God for him, that he should rise against me, to lie in wait, as at this day?
Judges 1:35	But the Amorites would dwell in mount Heres in Aijalon, and in Shaalbim: yet the hand of the house of Joseph prevailed, so that they became tributaries.
Exodus 4:18	And Moses went and returned to Jethro his father in law, and said to him, Let me go, I pray you, and return to my brothers which are in Egypt, and see whether they be yet alive. And Jethro said to Moses, Go in peace.
Exodus 37:28	And he made the staves of shittim wood, and overlaid them with gold.
2 Chronicles 13:8	And now you think to withstand the kingdom of the LORD in the hand of the sons of David; and you be a great multitude, and there are with your golden calves, which Jeroboam made you for gods.
Proverbs 4:10	Hear, O my son, and receive my sayings; and the years of your life shall be many.
2 Samuel 17:18	Nevertheless a lad saw them, and told Absalom: but they went both of them away quickly, and came to a man’s house in Bahurim, which had a well in his court; where they went down.
Numbers 7:24	On the third day Eliab the son of Helon, prince of the children of Zebulun, did offer:
Judges 19:25	But the men would not listen to him: so the man took his concubine, and brought her forth to them; and they knew her, and abused her all the night until the morning: and when the day began to spring, they let her go.
Judges 16:16	And it came to pass, when she pressed him daily with her words, and urged him, so that his soul was vexed to death;
Nehemiah 5:11	Restore, I pray you, to them, even this day, their lands, their vineyards, their olive groves, and their houses, also the hundredth part of the money, and of the corn, the wine, and the oil, that you exact of them.
1 Samuel 14:3	And Ahiah, the son of Ahitub, Ichabod’s brother, the son of Phinehas, the son of Eli, the LORD’s priest in Shiloh, wearing an ephod. And the people knew not that Jonathan was gone.
Matthew 22:4	Again, he sent forth other servants, saying, Tell them which are bidden, Behold, I have prepared my dinner: my oxen and my fatted calves are killed, and all things are ready: come to the marriage.
Proverbs 10:23	It is as sport to a fool to do mischief: but a man of understanding has wisdom.
Luke 10:16	He that hears you hears me; and he that despises you despises me; and he that despises me despises him that sent me.
Joshua 21:15	And Holon with her suburbs, and Debir with her suburbs,
2 Chronicles 36:1	Then the people of the land took Jehoahaz the son of Josiah, and made him king in his father’s stead in Jerusalem.
Isaiah 8:20	To the law and to the testimony: if they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light in them.
1 Samuel 25:10	And Nabal answered David’s servants, and said, Who is David? and who is the son of Jesse? there be many servants now a days that break away every man from his master.
John 11:19	And many of the Jews came to Martha and Mary, to comfort them concerning their brother.
Exodus 2:17	And the shepherds came and drove them away: but Moses stood up and helped them, and watered their flock.
Psalm 137:5	If I forget you, O Jerusalem, let my right hand forget her cunning.
Luke 8:3	And Joanna the wife of Chuza Herod’s steward, and Susanna, and many others, which ministered to him of their substance.
Psalm 7:16	His mischief shall return on his own head, and his violent dealing shall come down on his own pate.
Exodus 26:26	And you shall make bars of shittim wood; five for the boards of the one side of the tabernacle,
Hosea 12:1	Ephraim feeds on wind, and follows after the east wind: he daily increases lies and desolation; and they do make a covenant with the Assyrians, and oil is carried into Egypt.
Isaiah 50:6	I gave my back to the smiters, and my cheeks to them that plucked off the hair: I hid not my face from shame and spitting.
Matthew 9:36	But when he saw the multitudes, he was moved with compassion on them, because they fainted, and were scattered abroad, as sheep having no shepherd.
Ezekiel 20:48	And all flesh shall see that I the LORD have kindled it: it shall not be quenched.
1 Chronicles 28:15	Even the weight for the candlesticks of gold, and for their lamps of gold, by weight for every candlestick, and for the lamps thereof: and for the candlesticks of silver by weight, both for the candlestick, and also for the lamps thereof, according to the use of every candlestick.
Ecclesiastes 2:17	Therefore I hated life; because the work that is worked under the sun is grievous to me: for all is vanity and vexation of spirit.
Leviticus 7:10	And every meat offering, mingled with oil, and dry, shall all the sons of Aaron have, one as much as another.
Luke 22:20	Likewise also the cup after supper, saying, This cup is the new testament in my blood, which is shed for you.
Leviticus 26:43	The land also shall be left of them, and shall enjoy her sabbaths, while she lies desolate without them: and they shall accept of the punishment of their iniquity: because, even because they despised my judgments, and because their soul abhorred my statutes.
Acts 21:23	Do therefore this that we say to you: We have four men which have a vow on them;
Deuteronomy 7:12	Why it shall come to pass, if you listen to these judgments, and keep, and do them, that the LORD your God shall keep to you the covenant and the mercy which he swore to your fathers:
Psalm 104:12	By them shall the fowls of the heaven have their habitation, which sing among the branches.
Matthew 19:23	Then said Jesus to his disciples, Truly I say to you, That a rich man shall hardly enter into the kingdom of heaven.
Ezekiel 32:17	It came to pass also in the twelfth year, in the fifteenth day of the month, that the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Luke 22:22	And truly the Son of man goes, as it was determined: but woe to that man by whom he is betrayed!
John 14:19	Yet a little while, and the world sees me no more; but you see me: because I live, you shall live also.
1 Chronicles 1:11	And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim,
Genesis 18:30	And he said to him, Oh let not the LORD be angry, and I will speak: Peradventure there shall thirty be found there. And he said, I will not do it, if I find thirty there.
1 Samuel 16:15	And Saul’s servants said to him, Behold now, an evil spirit from God troubles you.
1 Corinthians 12:9	To another faith by the same Spirit; to another the gifts of healing by the same Spirit;
Isaiah 66:8	Who has heard such a thing? who has seen such things? Shall the earth be made to bring forth in one day? or shall a nation be born at once? for as soon as Zion travailed, she brought forth her children.
Deuteronomy 5:11	You shall not take the name of the LORD your God in vain: for the LORD will not hold him guiltless that takes his name in vain.
Acts 18:20	When they desired him to tarry longer time with them, he consented not;
Judges 1:33	Neither did Naphtali drive out the inhabitants of Bethshemesh, nor the inhabitants of Bethanath; but he dwelled among the Canaanites, the inhabitants of the land: nevertheless the inhabitants of Bethshemesh and of Bethanath became tributaries to them.
Hebrews 4:12	For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any two edged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.
Isaiah 48:21	And they thirsted not when he led them through the deserts: he caused the waters to flow out of the rock for them: he split the rock also, and the waters gushed out.
1 John 1:6	If we say that we have fellowship with him, and walk in darkness, we lie, and do not the truth:
Isaiah 18:7	In that time shall the present be brought to the LORD of hosts of a people scattered and peeled, and from a people terrible from their beginning till now; a nation meted out and trodden under foot, whose land the rivers have spoiled, to the place of the name of the LORD of hosts, the mount Zion.
Deuteronomy 28:48	Therefore shall you serve your enemies which the LORD shall send against you, in hunger, and in thirst, and in nakedness, and in want of all things: and he shall put a yoke of iron on your neck, until he have destroyed you.
Isaiah 38:15	What shall I say? he has both spoken to me, and himself has done it: I shall go softly all my years in the bitterness of my soul.
1 Kings 16:14	Now the rest of the acts of Elah, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
Genesis 30:9	When Leah saw that she had left bearing, she took Zilpah her maid, and gave her Jacob to wife.
Psalm 57:5	Be you exalted, O God, above the heavens; let your glory be above all the earth.
Ephesians 5:5	For this you know, that no fornicator, nor unclean person, nor covetous man, who is an idolater, has any inheritance in the kingdom of Christ and of God.
Acts 1:12	Then returned they to Jerusalem from the mount called Olivet, which is from Jerusalem a sabbath day’s journey.
Genesis 38:15	When Judah saw her, he thought her to be an harlot; because she had covered her face.
Psalm 22:22	I will declare your name to my brothers: in the middle of the congregation will I praise you.
Leviticus 25:47	And if a sojourner or stranger wax rich by you, and your brother that dwells by him wax poor, and sell himself to the stranger or sojourner by you, or to the stock of the stranger’s family:
Proverbs 19:23	The fear of the LORD tends to life: and he that has it shall abide satisfied; he shall not be visited with evil.
Isaiah 48:2	For they call themselves of the holy city, and stay themselves on the God of Israel; The LORD of hosts is his name.
Judges 9:35	And Gaal the son of Ebed went out, and stood in the entering of the gate of the city: and Abimelech rose up, and the people that were with him, from lying in wait.
Joshua 10:12	Then spoke Joshua to the LORD in the day when the LORD delivered up the Amorites before the children of Israel, and he said in the sight of Israel, Sun, stand you still on Gibeon; and you, Moon, in the valley of Ajalon.
Jeremiah 7:7	Then will I cause you to dwell in this place, in the land that I gave to your fathers, for ever and ever.
Exodus 39:15	And they made on the breastplate chains at the ends, of wreathen work of pure gold.
Proverbs 23:19	Hear you, my son, and be wise, and guide your heart in the way.
Zephaniah 1:18	Neither their silver nor their gold shall be able to deliver them in the day of the LORD’s wrath; but the whole land shall be devoured by the fire of his jealousy: for he shall make even a speedy riddance of all them that dwell in the land.
1 Chronicles 12:4	And Ismaiah the Gibeonite, a mighty man among the thirty, and over the thirty; and Jeremiah, and Jahaziel, and Johanan, and Josabad the Gederathite,
1 Thessalonians 3:1	Why when we could no longer forbear, we thought it good to be left at Athens alone;
Judges 8:21	Then Zebah and Zalmunna said, Rise you, and fall on us: for as the man is, so is his strength. And Gideon arose, and slew Zebah and Zalmunna, and took away the ornaments that were on their camels’ necks.
Ezra 2:68	And some of the chief of the fathers, when they came to the house of the LORD which is at Jerusalem, offered freely for the house of God to set it up in his place:
2 Kings 6:8	Then the king of Syria warred against Israel, and took counsel with his servants, saying, In such and such a place shall be my camp.
Genesis 13:12	Abram dwelled in the land of Canaan, and Lot dwelled in the cities of the plain, and pitched his tent toward Sodom.
Jeremiah 33:7	And I will cause the captivity of Judah and the captivity of Israel to return, and will build them, as at the first.
Genesis 43:19	And they came near to the steward of Joseph’s house, and they communed with him at the door of the house,
2 Chronicles 19:10	And what cause soever shall come to you of your brothers that dwell in your cities, between blood and blood, between law and commandment, statutes and judgments, you shall even warn them that they trespass not against the LORD, and so wrath come on you, and on your brothers: this do, and you shall not trespass.
Zechariah 4:11	Then answered I, and said to him, What are these two olive trees on the right side of the candlestick and on the left side thereof?
Isaiah 5:11	Woe to them that rise up early in the morning, that they may follow strong drink; that continue until night, till wine inflame them!
Habakkuk 2:6	Shall not all these take up a parable against him, and a taunting proverb against him, and say, Woe to him that increases that which is not his! how long? and to him that lades himself with thick clay!
Matthew 17:16	And I brought him to your disciples, and they could not cure him.
Luke 12:22	And he said to his disciples, Therefore I say to you, Take no thought for your life, what you shall eat; neither for the body, what you shall put on.
Joshua 4:2	Take you twelve men out of the people, out of every tribe a man,
Acts 9:9	And he was three days without sight, and neither did eat nor drink.
1 Samuel 21:14	Then said Achish to his servants, See, you see the man is mad: why then have you brought him to me?
Ezekiel 15:3	Shall wood be taken thereof to do any work? or will men take a pin of it to hang any vessel thereon?
1 Chronicles 2:35	And Sheshan gave his daughter to Jarha his servant to wife; and she bore him Attai.
1 Kings 15:12	And he took away the sodomites out of the land, and removed all the idols that his fathers had made.
1 Samuel 1:7	And as he did so year by year, when she went up to the house of the LORD, so she provoked her; therefore she wept, and did not eat.
Genesis 42:38	And he said, My son shall not go down with you; for his brother is dead, and he is left alone: if mischief befall him by the way in the which you go, then shall you bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to the grave.
Deuteronomy 5:18	Neither shall you commit adultery.
2 Samuel 8:9	When Toi king of Hamath heard that David had smitten all the host of Hadadezer,
1 Samuel 31:4	Then said Saul to his armor bearer, Draw your sword, and thrust me through therewith; lest these uncircumcised come and thrust me through, and abuse me. But his armor bearer would not; for he was sore afraid. Therefore Saul took a sword, and fell on it.
Acts 15:23	And they wrote letters by them after this manner; The apostles and elders and brothers send greeting to the brothers which are of the Gentiles in Antioch and Syria and Cilicia.
Ezekiel 12:17	Moreover the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
2 Samuel 15:19	Then said the king to Ittai the Gittite, Why go you also with us? return to your place, and abide with the king: for you are a stranger, and also an exile.
Ezekiel 48:23	As for the rest of the tribes, from the east side to the west side, Benjamin shall have a portion.
Zechariah 2:9	For, behold, I will shake my hand on them, and they shall be a spoil to their servants: and you shall know that the LORD of hosts has sent me.
Ezekiel 39:12	And seven months shall the house of Israel be burying of them, that they may cleanse the land.
Deuteronomy 2:13	Now rise up, said I, and get you over the brook Zered. And we went over the brook Zered.
Numbers 30:2	If a man vow a vow to the LORD, or swear an oath to bind his soul with a bond; he shall not break his word, he shall do according to all that proceeds out of his mouth.
Acts 28:6	However, they looked when he should have swollen, or fallen down dead suddenly: but after they had looked a great while, and saw no harm come to him, they changed their minds, and said that he was a god.
Matthew 27:15	Now at that feast the governor was wont to release to the people a prisoner, whom they would.
Ezekiel 36:20	And when they entered to the heathen, where they went, they profaned my holy name, when they said to them, These are the people of the LORD, and are gone forth out of his land.
Jeremiah 50:25	The LORD has opened his armory, and has brought forth the weapons of his indignation: for this is the work of the Lord GOD of hosts in the land of the Chaldeans.
1 Chronicles 8:8	And Shaharaim begat children in the country of Moab, after he had sent them away; Hushim and Baara were his wives.
Ruth 1:11	And Naomi said, Turn again, my daughters: why will you go with me? are there yet any more sons in my womb, that they may be your husbands?
Daniel 9:18	O my God, incline your ear, and hear; open your eyes, and behold our desolations, and the city which is called by your name: for we do not present our supplications before you for our righteousnesses, but for your great mercies.
Deuteronomy 3:24	O Lord GOD, you have begun to show your servant your greatness, and your mighty hand: for what God is there in heaven or in earth, that can do according to your works, and according to your might?
Acts 21:26	Then Paul took the men, and the next day purifying himself with them entered into the temple, to signify the accomplishment of the days of purification, until that an offering should be offered for every one of them.
Ezekiel 20:23	I lifted up my hand to them also in the wilderness, that I would scatter them among the heathen, and disperse them through the countries;
Exodus 12:27	That you shall say, It is the sacrifice of the LORD’s passover, who passed over the houses of the children of Israel in Egypt, when he smote the Egyptians, and delivered our houses. And the people bowed the head and worshipped.
Philippians 2:7	But made himself of no reputation, and took on him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men:
Malachi 2:16	For the LORD, the God of Israel, said that he hates putting away: for one covers violence with his garment, said the LORD of hosts: therefore take heed to your spirit, that you deal not treacherously.
1 Kings 15:32	And there was war between Asa and Baasha king of Israel all their days.
1 Chronicles 8:11	And of Hushim he begat Abitub, and Elpaal.
John 7:14	Now about the middle of the feast Jesus went up into the temple, and taught.
Jeremiah 1:12	Then said the LORD to me, You have well seen: for I will hasten my word to perform it.
Numbers 18:30	Therefore you shall say to them, When you have heaved the best thereof from it, then it shall be counted to the Levites as the increase of the threshing floor, and as the increase of the wine press.
Ezra 2:22	The men of Netophah, fifty and six.
Psalm 17:15	As for me, I will behold your face in righteousness: I shall be satisfied, when I awake, with your likeness.
Psalm 103:8	The LORD is merciful and gracious, slow to anger, and plenteous in mercy.
Isaiah 17:3	The fortress also shall cease from Ephraim, and the kingdom from Damascus, and the remnant of Syria: they shall be as the glory of the children of Israel, said the LORD of hosts.
Job 22:30	He shall deliver the island of the innocent: and it is delivered by the pureness of your hands.
Ezekiel 35:4	I will lay your cities waste, and you shall be desolate, and you shall know that I am the LORD.
Exodus 4:28	And Moses told Aaron all the words of the LORD who had sent him, and all the signs which he had commanded him.
Ezekiel 5:8	Therefore thus said the Lord GOD; Behold, I, even I, am against you, and will execute judgments in the middle of you in the sight of the nations.
1 Samuel 24:22	And David swore to Saul. And Saul went home; but David and his men got them up to the hold.
Numbers 23:14	And he brought him into the field of Zophim, to the top of Pisgah, and built seven altars, and offered a bullock and a ram on every altar.
Jeremiah 4:2	And you shall swear, The LORD lives, in truth, in judgment, and in righteousness; and the nations shall bless themselves in him, and in him shall they glory.
1 Samuel 17:36	Your servant slew both the lion and the bear: and this uncircumcised Philistine shall be as one of them, seeing he has defied the armies of the living God.
Psalm 2:9	You shall break them with a rod of iron; you shall dash them in pieces like a potter’s vessel.
Daniel 6:5	Then said these men, We shall not find any occasion against this Daniel, except we find it against him concerning the law of his God.
Psalm 19:7	The law of the LORD is perfect, converting the soul: the testimony of the LORD is sure, making wise the simple.
2 Chronicles 17:15	And next to him was Jehohanan the captain, and with him two hundred and fourscore thousand.
Hosea 5:3	I know Ephraim, and Israel is not hid from me: for now, O Ephraim, you commit prostitution, and Israel is defiled.
John 15:3	Now you are clean through the word which I have spoken to you.
1 Samuel 25:29	Yet a man is risen to pursue you, and to seek your soul: but the soul of my lord shall be bound in the bundle of life with the LORD your God; and the souls of your enemies, them shall he sling out, as out of the middle of a sling.
Luke 14:29	Lest haply, after he has laid the foundation, and is not able to finish it, all that behold it begin to mock him,
2 Kings 24:19	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, according to all that Jehoiakim had done.
1 Samuel 21:2	And David said to Ahimelech the priest, The king has commanded me a business, and has said to me, Let no man know any thing of the business about which I send you, and what I have commanded you: and I have appointed my servants to such and such a place.
Psalm 43:2	For you are the God of my strength: why do you cast me off? why go I mourning because of the oppression of the enemy?
Leviticus 14:38	Then the priest shall go out of the house to the door of the house, and shut up the house seven days:
Romans 2:12	For as many as have sinned without law shall also perish without law: and as many as have sinned in the law shall be judged by the law;
Zechariah 7:5	Speak to all the people of the land, and to the priests, saying, When you fasted and mourned in the fifth and seventh month, even those seventy years, did you at all fast to me, even to me?
Daniel 1:18	Now at the end of the days that the king had said he should bring them in, then the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before Nebuchadnezzar.
1 Samuel 14:18	And Saul said to Ahiah, Bring here the ark of God. For the ark of God was at that time with the children of Israel.
Job 20:2	Therefore do my thoughts cause me to answer, and for this I make haste.
Romans 1:32	Who knowing the judgment of God, that they which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure in them that do them.
Song of Solomon 7:7	This your stature is like to a palm tree, and your breasts to clusters of grapes.
Isaiah 9:19	Through the wrath of the LORD of hosts is the land darkened, and the people shall be as the fuel of the fire: no man shall spare his brother.
Exodus 21:33	And if a man shall open a pit, or if a man shall dig a pit, and not cover it, and an ox or an ass fall therein;
John 18:12	Then the band and the captain and officers of the Jews took Jesus, and bound him,
Numbers 26:15	The children of Gad after their families: of Zephon, the family of the Zephonites: of Haggi, the family of the Haggites: of Shuni, the family of the Shunites:
2 Samuel 22:8	Then the earth shook and trembled; the foundations of heaven moved and shook, because he was wroth.
Joshua 11:10	And Joshua at that time turned back, and took Hazor, and smote the king thereof with the sword: for Hazor beforetime was the head of all those kingdoms.
Exodus 34:16	And you take of their daughters to your sons, and their daughters go a whoring after their gods, and make your sons go a whoring after their gods.
2 Samuel 12:28	Now therefore gather the rest of the people together, and encamp against the city, and take it: lest I take the city, and it be called after my name.
Revelation 21:20	The fifth, sardonyx; the sixth, sardius; the seventh, chrysolyte; the eighth, beryl; the ninth, a topaz; the tenth, a chrysoprasus; the eleventh, a jacinth; the twelfth, an amethyst.
Matthew 24:10	And then shall many be offended, and shall betray one another, and shall hate one another.
Matthew 6:12	And forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors.
Exodus 27:8	Hollow with boards shall you make it: as it was showed you in the mount, so shall they make it.
Jeremiah 4:10	Then said I, Ah, Lord GOD! surely you have greatly deceived this people and Jerusalem, saying, You shall have peace; whereas the sword reaches to the soul.
Ecclesiastes 2:8	I gathered me also silver and gold, and the peculiar treasure of kings and of the provinces: I got me men singers and women singers, and the delights of the sons of men, as musical instruments, and that of all sorts.
Deuteronomy 29:2	And Moses called to all Israel, and said to them, You have seen all that the LORD did before your eyes in the land of Egypt to Pharaoh, and to all his servants, and to all his land;
Psalm 38:3	There is no soundness in my flesh because of your anger; neither is there any rest in my bones because of my sin.
1 Timothy 3:4	One that rules well his own house, having his children in subjection with all gravity;
Deuteronomy 32:27	Were it not that I feared the wrath of the enemy, lest their adversaries should behave themselves strangely, and lest they should say, Our hand is high, and the LORD has not done all this.
2 Chronicles 20:2	Then there came some that told Jehoshaphat, saying, There comes a great multitude against you from beyond the sea on this side Syria; and, behold, they be in Hazazontamar, which is Engedi.
Psalm 49:10	For he sees that wise men die, likewise the fool and the brutish person perish, and leave their wealth to others.
Ezekiel 40:31	And the arches thereof were toward the utter court; and palm trees were on the posts thereof: and the going up to it had eight steps.
Mark 15:32	Let Christ the King of Israel descend now from the cross, that we may see and believe. And they that were crucified with him reviled him.
1 Peter 5:6	Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God, that he may exalt you in due time:
Proverbs 9:9	Give instruction to a wise man, and he will be yet wiser: teach a just man, and he will increase in learning.
Ecclesiastes 5:14	But those riches perish by evil travail: and he begets a son, and there is nothing in his hand.
Job 13:18	Behold now, I have ordered my cause; I know that I shall be justified.
2 Chronicles 20:36	And he joined himself with him to make ships to go to Tarshish: and they made the ships in Eziongaber.
Jeremiah 22:16	He judged the cause of the poor and needy; then it was well with him: was not this to know me? said the LORD.
John 21:14	This is now the third time that Jesus showed himself to his disciples, after that he was risen from the dead.
2 Chronicles 29:14	And of the sons of Heman; Jehiel, and Shimei: and of the sons of Jeduthun; Shemaiah, and Uzziel.
Luke 22:11	And you shall say to the manager of the house, The Master said to you, Where is the guest room, where I shall eat the passover with my disciples?
Jeremiah 23:20	The anger of the LORD shall not return, until he have executed, and till he have performed the thoughts of his heart: in the latter days you shall consider it perfectly.
Genesis 23:8	And he communed with them, saying, If it be your mind that I should bury my dead out of my sight; hear me, and entreat for me to Ephron the son of Zohar,
Jeremiah 18:23	Yet, LORD, you know all their counsel against me to slay me: forgive not their iniquity, neither blot out their sin from your sight, but let them be overthrown before you; deal thus with them in the time of your anger.
Luke 23:7	And as soon as he knew that he belonged to Herod’s jurisdiction, he sent him to Herod, who himself also was at Jerusalem at that time.
Genesis 3:6	And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one wise, she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat, and gave also to her husband with her; and he did eat.
Psalm 49:5	Why should I fear in the days of evil, when the iniquity of my heels shall compass me about?
Isaiah 62:7	And give him no rest, till he establish, and till he make Jerusalem a praise in the earth.
Genesis 46:5	And Jacob rose up from Beersheba: and the sons of Israel carried Jacob their father, and their little ones, and their wives, in the wagons which Pharaoh had sent to carry him.
1 Chronicles 8:9	And he begat of Hodesh his wife, Jobab, and Zibia, and Mesha, and Malcham,
Matthew 3:12	Whose fan is in his hand, and he will thoroughly purge his floor, and gather his wheat into the garner; but he will burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire.
Jeremiah 3:14	Turn, O backsliding children, said the LORD; for I am married to you: and I will take you one of a city, and two of a family, and I will bring you to Zion:
Ecclesiastes 12:13	Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God, and keep his commandments: for this is the whole duty of man.
Leviticus 23:6	And on the fifteenth day of the same month is the feast of unleavened bread to the LORD: seven days you must eat unleavened bread.
Jeremiah 9:22	Speak, Thus said the LORD, Even the carcasses of men shall fall as dung on the open field, and as the handful after the harvestman, and none shall gather them.
Joel 3:17	So shall you know that I am the LORD your God dwelling in Zion, my holy mountain: then shall Jerusalem be holy, and there shall no strangers pass through her any more.
Nehemiah 13:31	And for the wood offering, at times appointed, and for the first fruits. Remember me, O my God, for good.
John 20:19	Then the same day at evening, being the first day of the week, when the doors were shut where the disciples were assembled for fear of the Jews, came Jesus and stood in the middle, and said to them, Peace be to you.
Ezekiel 14:5	That I may take the house of Israel in their own heart, because they are all estranged from me through their idols.
Matthew 18:11	For the Son of man is come to save that which was lost.
Psalm 131:1	Lord, my heart is not haughty, nor my eyes lofty: neither do I exercise myself in great matters, or in things too high for me.
Luke 6:5	And he said to them, That the Son of man is Lord also of the sabbath.
Leviticus 14:20	And the priest shall offer the burnt offering and the meat offering on the altar: and the priest shall make an atonement for him, and he shall be clean.
Psalm 77:17	The clouds poured out water: the skies sent out a sound: your arrows also went abroad.
1 Kings 14:3	And take with you ten loaves, and cracknels, and a cruse of honey, and go to him: he shall tell you what shall become of the child.
Ezekiel 46:24	Then said he to me, These are the places of them that boil, where the ministers of the house shall boil the sacrifice of the people.
Judges 15:15	And he found a new jawbone of an ass, and put forth his hand, and took it, and slew a thousand men therewith.
Ecclesiastes 1:9	The thing that has been, it is that which shall be; and that which is done is that which shall be done: and there is no new thing under the sun.
Genesis 11:12	And Arphaxad lived five and thirty years, and begat Salah:
Acts 22:3	I am truly a man which am a Jew, born in Tarsus, a city in Cilicia, yet brought up in this city at the feet of Gamaliel, and taught according to the perfect manner of the law of the fathers, and was zealous toward God, as you all are this day.
Leviticus 23:21	And you shall proclaim on the selfsame day, that it may be an holy convocation to you: you shall do no servile work therein: it shall be a statute for ever in all your dwellings throughout your generations.
Psalm 34:12	What man is he that desires life, and loves many days, that he may see good?
Genesis 24:11	And he made his camels to kneel down without the city by a well of water at the time of the evening, even the time that women go out to draw water.
Job 29:1	Moreover Job continued his parable, and said,
2 Samuel 19:8	Then the king arose, and sat in the gate. And they told to all the people, saying, Behold, the king does sit in the gate. And all the people came before the king: for Israel had fled every man to his tent.
Judges 16:14	And she fastened it with the pin, and said to him, The Philistines be on you, Samson. And he awaked out of his sleep, and went away with the pin of the beam, and with the web.
Joshua 7:2	And Joshua sent men from Jericho to Ai, which is beside Bethaven, on the east of Bethel, and spoke to them, saying, Go up and view the country. And the men went up and viewed Ai.
2 Chronicles 24:20	And the Spirit of God came on Zechariah the son of Jehoiada the priest, which stood above the people, and said to them, Thus said God, Why transgress you the commandments of the LORD, that you cannot prosper? because you have forsaken the LORD, he has also forsaken you.
Joshua 9:16	And it came to pass at the end of three days after they had made a league with them, that they heard that they were their neighbors, and that they dwelled among them.
2 Samuel 19:23	Therefore the king said to Shimei, You shall not die. And the king swore to him.
John 13:35	By this shall all men know that you are my disciples, if you have love one to another.
Isaiah 38:6	And I will deliver you and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria: and I will defend this city.
Genesis 21:33	And Abraham planted a grove in Beersheba, and called there on the name of the LORD, the everlasting God.
Deuteronomy 30:8	And you shall return and obey the voice of the LORD, and do all his commandments which I command you this day.
Exodus 24:13	And Moses rose up, and his minister Joshua: and Moses went up into the mount of God.
2 Timothy 1:18	The Lord grant to him that he may find mercy of the Lord in that day: and in how many things he ministered to me at Ephesus, you know very well.
Numbers 3:33	Of Merari was the family of the Mahlites, and the family of the Mushites: these are the families of Merari.
Ezekiel 32:8	All the bright lights of heaven will I make dark over you, and set darkness on your land, said the Lord GOD.
Psalm 1:5	Therefore the ungodly shall not stand in the judgment, nor sinners in the congregation of the righteous.
Matthew 24:30	And then shall appear the sign of the Son of man in heaven: and then shall all the tribes of the earth mourn, and they shall see the Son of man coming in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory.
Job 36:23	Who has enjoined him his way? or who can say, You have worked iniquity?
Revelation 9:18	By these three was the third part of men killed, by the fire, and by the smoke, and by the brimstone, which issued out of their mouths.
Proverbs 3:22	So shall they be life to your soul, and grace to your neck.
Numbers 21:10	And the children of Israel set forward, and pitched in Oboth.
Isaiah 11:12	And he shall set up an ensign for the nations, and shall assemble the outcasts of Israel, and gather together the dispersed of Judah from the four corners of the earth.
Job 32:18	For I am full of matter, the spirit within me constrains me.
Isaiah 63:14	As a beast goes down into the valley, the Spirit of the LORD caused him to rest: so did you lead your people, to make yourself a glorious name.
Numbers 20:25	Take Aaron and Eleazar his son, and bring them up to mount Hor:
1 John 4:15	Whoever shall confess that Jesus is the Son of God, God dwells in him, and he in God.
Proverbs 8:15	By me kings reign, and princes decree justice.
Romans 13:11	And that, knowing the time, that now it is high time to awake out of sleep: for now is our salvation nearer than when we believed.
Deuteronomy 28:6	Blessed shall you be when you come in, and blessed shall you be when you go out.
Ezekiel 37:3	And he said to me, Son of man, can these bones live? And I answered, O Lord GOD, you know.
Exodus 1:9	And he said to his people, Behold, the people of the children of Israel are more and mightier than we:
Mark 13:32	But of that day and that hour knows no man, no, not the angels which are in heaven, neither the Son, but the Father.
Leviticus 1:2	Speak to the children of Israel, and say to them, If any man of you bring an offering to the LORD, you shall bring your offering of the cattle, even of the herd, and of the flock.
Luke 6:9	Then said Jesus to them, I will ask you one thing; Is it lawful on the sabbath days to do good, or to do evil? to save life, or to destroy it?
2 Chronicles 14:9	And there came out against them Zerah the Ethiopian with an host of a thousand thousand, and three hundred chariots; and came to Mareshah.
Luke 4:6	And the devil said to him, All this power will I give you, and the glory of them: for that is delivered to me; and to whomsoever I will I give it.
Revelation 15:1	And I saw another sign in heaven, great and marvelous, seven angels having the seven last plagues; for in them is filled up the wrath of God.
Leviticus 15:25	And if a woman have an issue of her blood many days out of the time of her separation, or if it run beyond the time of her separation; all the days of the issue of her uncleanness shall be as the days of her separation: she shall be unclean.
Esther 9:23	And the Jews undertook to do as they had begun, and as Mordecai had written to them;
Leviticus 3:15	And the two kidneys, and the fat that is on them, which is by the flanks, and the lobe above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take away.
1 Samuel 13:11	And Samuel said, What have you done? And Saul said, Because I saw that the people were scattered from me, and that you came not within the days appointed, and that the Philistines gathered themselves together at Michmash;
Joshua 11:22	There was none of the Anakims left in the land of the children of Israel: only in Gaza, in Gath, and in Ashdod, there remained.
2 Samuel 4:1	And when Saul’s son heard that Abner was dead in Hebron, his hands were feeble, and all the Israelites were troubled.
Exodus 18:23	If you shall do this thing, and God command you so, then you shall be able to endure, and all this people shall also go to their place in peace.
Deuteronomy 18:8	They shall have like portions to eat, beside that which comes of the sale of his patrimony.
Psalm 18:7	Then the earth shook and trembled; the foundations also of the hills moved and were shaken, because he was wroth.
1 Chronicles 19:10	Now when Joab saw that the battle was set against him before and behind, he chose out of all the choice of Israel, and put them in array against the Syrians.
Jeremiah 46:7	Who is this that comes up as a flood, whose waters are moved as the rivers?
Proverbs 25:11	A word fitly spoken is like apples of gold in pictures of silver.
Jeremiah 28:13	Go and tell Hananiah, saying, Thus said the LORD; You have broken the yokes of wood; but you shall make for them yokes of iron.
1 Chronicles 26:20	And of the Levites, Ahijah was over the treasures of the house of God, and over the treasures of the dedicated things.
Colossians 4:11	And Jesus, which is called Justus, who are of the circumcision. These only are my fellow workers to the kingdom of God, which have been a comfort to me.
John 13:11	For he knew who should betray him; therefore said he, You are not all clean.
Luke 14:13	But when you make a feast, call the poor, the maimed, the lame, the blind:
Numbers 25:9	And those that died in the plague were twenty and four thousand.
1 Chronicles 13:5	So David gathered all Israel together, from Shihor of Egypt even to the entering of Hemath, to bring the ark of God from Kirjathjearim.
1 Kings 2:1	Now the days of David drew near that he should die; and he charged Solomon his son, saying,
Ezekiel 33:2	Son of man, speak to the children of your people, and say to them, When I bring the sword on a land, if the people of the land take a man of their coasts, and set him for their watchman:
Exodus 37:9	And the cherubim spread out their wings on high, and covered with their wings over the mercy seat, with their faces one to another; even to the mercy seat were the faces of the cherubim.
Leviticus 7:30	His own hands shall bring the offerings of the LORD made by fire, the fat with the breast, it shall he bring, that the breast may be waved for a wave offering before the LORD.
Job 15:22	He believes not that he shall return out of darkness, and he is waited for of the sword.
1 Samuel 25:25	Let not my lord, I pray you, regard this man of Belial, even Nabal: for as his name is, so is he; Nabal is his name, and folly is with him: but I your handmaid saw not the young men of my lord, whom you did send.
Proverbs 19:15	Slothfulness casts into a deep sleep; and an idle soul shall suffer hunger.
Leviticus 25:55	For to me the children of Israel are servants; they are my servants whom I brought forth out of the land of Egypt: I am the LORD your God.
Matthew 27:48	And straightway one of them ran, and took a sponge, and filled it with vinegar, and put it on a reed, and gave him to drink.
Psalm 106:11	And the waters covered their enemies: there was not one of them left.
Philippians 4:1	Therefore, my brothers dearly beloved and longed for, my joy and crown, so stand fast in the Lord, my dearly beloved.
Deuteronomy 24:21	When you gather the grapes of your vineyard, you shall not glean it afterward: it shall be for the stranger, for the fatherless, and for the widow.
Jeremiah 16:16	Behold, I will send for many fishers, said the LORD, and they shall fish them; and after will I send for many hunters, and they shall hunt them from every mountain, and from every hill, and out of the holes of the rocks.
Job 31:39	If I have eaten the fruits thereof without money, or have caused the owners thereof to lose their life:
1 Samuel 15:14	And Samuel said, What means then this bleating of the sheep in my ears, and the lowing of the oxen which I hear?
Job 25:4	How then can man be justified with God? or how can he be clean that is born of a woman?
1 Chronicles 1:3	Henoch, Methuselah, Lamech,
Psalm 62:7	In God is my salvation and my glory: the rock of my strength, and my refuge, is in God.
John 3:9	Nicodemus answered and said to him, How can these things be?
Daniel 10:14	Now I am come to make you understand what shall befall your people in the latter days: for yet the vision is for many days.
Romans 8:5	For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh; but they that are after the Spirit the things of the Spirit.
Genesis 18:25	That be far from you to do after this manner, to slay the righteous with the wicked: and that the righteous should be as the wicked, that be far from you: Shall not the Judge of all the earth do right?
Revelation 17:15	And he said to me, The waters which you saw, where the whore sits, are peoples, and multitudes, and nations, and tongues.
Exodus 4:23	And I say to you, Let my son go, that he may serve me: and if you refuse to let him go, behold, I will slay your son, even your firstborn.
John 19:5	Then came Jesus forth, wearing the crown of thorns, and the purple robe. And Pilate said to them, Behold the man!
Exodus 16:11	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
1 Kings 10:21	And all king Solomon’s drinking vessels were of gold, and all the vessels of the house of the forest of Lebanon were of pure gold; none were of silver: it was nothing accounted of in the days of Solomon.
Ezra 8:15	And I gathered them together to the river that runs to Ahava; and there stayed we in tents three days: and I viewed the people, and the priests, and found there none of the sons of Levi.
Psalm 102:25	Of old have you laid the foundation of the earth: and the heavens are the work of your hands.
Luke 7:49	And they that sat at meat with him began to say within themselves, Who is this that forgives sins also?
2 Chronicles 2:17	And Solomon numbered all the strangers that were in the land of Israel, after the numbering with which David his father had numbered them; and they were found an hundred and fifty thousand and three thousand and six hundred.
Luke 9:5	And whoever will not receive you, when you go out of that city, shake off the very dust from your feet for a testimony against them.
Exodus 5:12	So the people were scattered abroad throughout all the land of Egypt to gather stubble instead of straw.
1 Kings 11:12	Notwithstanding in your days I will not do it for David your father’s sake: but I will rend it out of the hand of your son.
Genesis 2:20	And Adam gave names to all cattle, and to the fowl of the air, and to every beast of the field; but for Adam there was not found an help meet for him.
Jeremiah 9:2	Oh that I had in the wilderness a lodging place of wayfaring men; that I might leave my people, and go from them! for they be all adulterers, an assembly of treacherous men.
Genesis 1:21	And God created great whales, and every living creature that moves, which the waters brought forth abundantly, after their kind, and every winged fowl after his kind: and God saw that it was good.
2 Chronicles 18:21	And he said, I will go out, and be a lying spirit in the mouth of all his prophets. And the Lord said, You shall entice him, and you shall also prevail: go out, and do even so.
Ezekiel 44:14	But I will make them keepers of the charge of the house, for all the service thereof, and for all that shall be done therein.
Colossians 1:29	Whereunto I also labor, striving according to his working, which works in me mightily.
1 Samuel 19:16	And when the messengers were come in, behold, there was an image in the bed, with a pillow of goats’ hair for his bolster.
Psalm 55:7	See, then would I wander far off, and remain in the wilderness. Selah.
Philippians 1:8	For God is my record, how greatly I long after you all in the bowels of Jesus Christ.
Acts 22:2	(And when they heard that he spoke in the Hebrew tongue to them, they kept the more silence: and he said,)
Isaiah 11:8	And the sucking child shall play on the hole of the asp, and the weaned child shall put his hand on the cockatrice’ den.
Job 1:7	And the LORD said to Satan, From where come you? Then Satan answered the LORD, and said, From going to and fro in the earth, and from walking up and down in it.
Ezekiel 17:1	And the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Psalm 34:16	The face of the LORD is against them that do evil, to cut off the remembrance of them from the earth.
Luke 19:35	And they brought him to Jesus: and they cast their garments on the colt, and they set Jesus thereon.
Numbers 21:32	And Moses sent to spy out Jaazer, and they took the villages thereof, and drove out the Amorites that were there.
Psalm 119:100	I understand more than the ancients, because I keep your precepts.
1 Corinthians 4:7	For who makes you to differ from another? and what have you that you did not receive? now if you did receive it, why do you glory, as if you had not received it?
Romans 4:10	How was it then reckoned? when he was in circumcision, or in uncircumcision? Not in circumcision, but in uncircumcision.
2 Timothy 1:4	Greatly desiring to see you, being mindful of your tears, that I may be filled with joy;
Proverbs 24:12	If you say, Behold, we knew it not; does not he that ponders the heart consider it? and he that keeps your soul, does not he know it? and shall not he render to every man according to his works?
Daniel 2:11	And it is a rare thing that the king requires, and there is none other that can show it before the king, except the gods, whose dwelling is not with flesh.
1 Samuel 28:1	And it came to pass in those days, that the Philistines gathered their armies together for warfare, to fight with Israel. And Achish said to David, Know you assuredly, that you shall go out with me to battle, you and your men.
1 Samuel 20:10	Then said David to Jonathan, Who shall tell me? or what if your father answer you roughly?
Deuteronomy 31:15	And the LORD appeared in the tabernacle in a pillar of a cloud: and the pillar of the cloud stood over the door of the tabernacle.
2 Chronicles 33:8	Neither will I any more remove the foot of Israel from out of the land which I have appointed for your fathers; so that they will take heed to do all that I have commanded them, according to the whole law and the statutes and the ordinances by the hand of Moses.
Numbers 3:13	Because all the firstborn are mine; for on the day that I smote all the firstborn in the land of Egypt I hallowed to me all the firstborn in Israel, both man and beast: my shall they be: I am the LORD.
Philippians 1:16	The one preach Christ of contention, not sincerely, supposing to add affliction to my bonds:
Romans 11:15	For if the casting away of them be the reconciling of the world, what shall the receiving of them be, but life from the dead?
1 Chronicles 11:16	And David was then in the hold, and the Philistines’ garrison was then at Bethlehem.
Genesis 4:23	And Lamech said to his wives, Adah and Zillah, Hear my voice; you wives of Lamech, listen to my speech: for I have slain a man to my wounding, and a young man to my hurt.
Exodus 36:1	Then worked Bezaleel and Aholiab, and every wise hearted man, in whom the LORD put wisdom and understanding to know how to work all manner of work for the service of the sanctuary, according to all that the LORD had commanded.
1 Chronicles 27:31	And over the flocks was Jaziz the Hagerite. All these were the rulers of the substance which was king David’s.
2 Samuel 7:2	That the king said to Nathan the prophet, See now, I dwell in an house of cedar, but the ark of God dwells within curtains.
2 Samuel 22:1	And David spoke to the LORD the words of this song in the day that the LORD had delivered him out of the hand of all his enemies, and out of the hand of Saul:
1 Chronicles 24:30	The sons also of Mushi; Mahli, and Eder, and Jerimoth. These were the sons of the Levites after the house of their fathers.
John 3:19	And this is the condemnation, that light is come into the world, and men loved darkness rather than light, because their deeds were evil.
1 Kings 11:15	For it came to pass, when David was in Edom, and Joab the captain of the host was gone up to bury the slain, after he had smitten every male in Edom;
Luke 11:5	And he said to them, Which of you shall have a friend, and shall go to him at midnight, and say to him, Friend, lend me three loaves;
Numbers 3:23	The families of the Gershonites shall pitch behind the tabernacle westward.
Nehemiah 13:6	But in all this time was not I at Jerusalem: for in the two and thirtieth year of Artaxerxes king of Babylon came I to the king, and after certain days obtained I leave of the king:
Judges 2:22	That through them I may prove Israel, whether they will keep the way of the LORD to walk therein, as their fathers did keep it, or not.
Numbers 35:30	Whoever kills any person, the murderer shall be put to death by the mouth of witnesses: but one witness shall not testify against any person to cause him to die.
Matthew 23:25	Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for you make clean the outside of the cup and of the platter, but within they are full of extortion and excess.
Joshua 15:18	And it came to pass, as she came to him, that she moved him to ask of her father a field: and she lighted off her ass; and Caleb said to her, What would you?
Philemon 1:23	There salute you Epaphras, my fellow prisoner in Christ Jesus;
2 Kings 19:26	Therefore their inhabitants were of small power, they were dismayed and confounded; they were as the grass of the field, and as the green herb, as the grass on the house tops, and as corn blasted before it be grown up.
1 Kings 8:28	Yet have you respect to the prayer of your servant, and to his supplication, O LORD my God, to listen to the cry and to the prayer, which your servant prays before you to day:
Genesis 49:28	All these are the twelve tribes of Israel: and this is it that their father spoke to them, and blessed them; every one according to his blessing he blessed them.
Exodus 16:15	And when the children of Israel saw it, they said one to another, It is manna: for they knew not what it was. And Moses said to them, This is the bread which the LORD has given you to eat.
John 18:26	One of the servants of the high priest, being his kinsman whose ear Peter cut off, said, Did not I see you in the garden with him?
James 2:13	For he shall have judgment without mercy, that has showed no mercy; and mercy rejoices against judgment.
Zechariah 8:14	For thus said the LORD of hosts; As I thought to punish you, when your fathers provoked me to wrath, said the LORD of hosts, and I repented not:
2 Chronicles 34:10	And they put it in the hand of the workmen that had the oversight of the house of the LORD, and they gave it to the workmen that worked in the house of the LORD, to repair and amend the house:
Job 12:22	He discovers deep things out of darkness, and brings out to light the shadow of death.
Joshua 8:29	And the king of Ai he hanged on a tree until eventide: and as soon as the sun was down, Joshua commanded that they should take his carcass down from the tree, and cast it at the entering of the gate of the city, and raise thereon a great heap of stones, that remains to this day.
Daniel 5:17	Then Daniel answered and said before the king, Let your gifts be to yourself, and give your rewards to another; yet I will read the writing to the king, and make known to him the interpretation.
Psalm 132:16	I will also clothe her priests with salvation: and her saints shall shout aloud for joy.
Judges 1:3	And Judah said to Simeon his brother, Come up with me into my lot, that we may fight against the Canaanites; and I likewise will go with you into your lot. So Simeon went with him.
2 Corinthians 4:7	But we have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power may be of God, and not of us.
Leviticus 7:13	Besides the cakes, he shall offer for his offering leavened bread with the sacrifice of thanksgiving of his peace offerings.
Ezra 2:9	The children of Zaccai, seven hundred and three score.
2 Chronicles 29:11	My sons, be not now negligent: for the LORD has chosen you to stand before him, to serve him, and that you should minister to him, and burn incense.
Jeremiah 10:15	They are vanity, and the work of errors: in the time of their visitation they shall perish.
John 4:29	Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?
Proverbs 21:23	Whoever keeps his mouth and his tongue keeps his soul from troubles.
Ephesians 6:12	For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.
2 Chronicles 7:21	And this house, which is high, shall be an astonishment to every one that passes by it; so that he shall say, Why has the LORD done thus to this land, and to this house?
1 Chronicles 21:19	And David went up at the saying of Gad, which he spoke in the name of the LORD.
Genesis 32:31	And as he passed over Penuel the sun rose on him, and he halted on his thigh.
Job 18:21	Surely such are the dwellings of the wicked, and this is the place of him that knows not God.
1 Chronicles 20:6	And yet again there was war at Gath, where was a man of great stature, whose fingers and toes were four and twenty, six on each hand, and six on each foot and he also was the son of the giant.
Numbers 4:11	And on the golden altar they shall spread a cloth of blue, and cover it with a covering of badgers’ skins, and shall put to the staves thereof:
Judges 8:18	Then said he to Zebah and Zalmunna, What manner of men were they whom you slew at Tabor? And they answered, As you are, so were they; each one resembled the children of a king.
Numbers 2:17	Then the tabernacle of the congregation shall set forward with the camp of the Levites in the middle of the camp: as they encamp, so shall they set forward, every man in his place by their standards.
Judges 21:2	And the people came to the house of God, and stayed there till even before God, and lifted up their voices, and wept sore;
Matthew 3:1	In those days came John the Baptist, preaching in the wilderness of Judaea,
Proverbs 15:15	All the days of the afflicted are evil: but he that is of a merry heart has a continual feast.
John 1:39	He said to them, Come and see. They came and saw where he dwelled, and stayed with him that day: for it was about the tenth hour.
Matthew 11:29	Take my yoke on you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and you shall find rest to your souls.
1 Samuel 25:14	But one of the young men told Abigail, Nabal’s wife, saying, Behold, David sent messengers out of the wilderness to salute our master; and he railed on them.
Romans 3:14	Whose mouth is full of cursing and bitterness:
Job 14:13	O that you would hide me in the grave, that you would keep me secret, until your wrath be past, that you would appoint me a set time, and remember me!
1 Chronicles 4:5	And Ashur the father of Tekoa had two wives, Helah and Naarah.
Exodus 33:14	And he said, My presence shall go with you, and I will give you rest.
Judges 9:7	And when they told it to Jotham, he went and stood in the top of mount Gerizim, and lifted up his voice, and cried, and said to them, Listen to me, you men of Shechem, that God may listen to you.
Jeremiah 17:19	Thus said the LORD to me; Go and stand in the gate of the children of the people, whereby the kings of Judah come in, and by the which they go out, and in all the gates of Jerusalem;
2 Corinthians 7:11	For behold this selfsame thing, that you sorrowed after a godly sort, what carefulness it worked in you, yes, what clearing of yourselves, yes, what indignation, yes, what fear, yes, what vehement desire, yes, what zeal, yes, what revenge! In all things you have approved yourselves to be clear in this matter.
Psalm 85:12	Yes, the LORD shall give that which is good; and our land shall yield her increase.
Mark 12:28	And one of the scribes came, and having heard them reasoning together, and perceiving that he had answered them well, asked him, Which is the first commandment of all?
1 Chronicles 1:26	Serug, Nahor, Terah,
1 Kings 10:23	So king Solomon exceeded all the kings of the earth for riches and for wisdom.
Joel 1:15	Alas for the day! for the day of the LORD is at hand, and as a destruction from the Almighty shall it come.
Romans 8:15	For you have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear; but you have received the Spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, Abba, Father.
2 Chronicles 22:7	And the destruction of Ahaziah was of God by coming to Joram: for when he was come, he went out with Jehoram against Jehu the son of Nimshi, whom the LORD had anointed to cut off the house of Ahab.
Numbers 28:16	And in the fourteenth day of the first month is the passover of the LORD.
Mark 13:29	So you in like manner, when you shall see these things come to pass, know that it is near, even at the doors.
Judges 2:19	And it came to pass, when the judge was dead, that they returned, and corrupted themselves more than their fathers, in following other gods to serve them, and to bow down to them; they ceased not from their own doings, nor from their stubborn way.
Proverbs 31:5	Lest they drink, and forget the law, and pervert the judgment of any of the afflicted.
1 Chronicles 4:23	These were the potters, and those that dwelled among plants and hedges: there they dwelled with the king for his work.
Genesis 28:1	And Isaac called Jacob, and blessed him, and charged him, and said to him, You shall not take a wife of the daughters of Canaan.
Proverbs 19:17	He that has pity on the poor lends to the LORD; and that which he has given will he pay him again.
Malachi 2:15	And did not he make one? Yet had he the residue of the spirit. And why one? That he might seek a godly seed. Therefore take heed to your spirit, and let none deal treacherously against the wife of his youth.
Mark 8:17	And when Jesus knew it, he said to them, Why reason you, because you have no bread? perceive you not yet, neither understand? have you your heart yet hardened?
Genesis 16:14	Why the well was called Beerlahairoi; behold, it is between Kadesh and Bered.
Isaiah 32:12	They shall lament for the teats, for the pleasant fields, for the fruitful vine.
John 3:28	You yourselves bear me witness, that I said, I am not the Christ, but that I am sent before him.
Zephaniah 2:2	Before the decree bring forth, before the day pass as the chaff, before the fierce anger of the LORD come on you, before the day of the LORD’s anger come on you.
Job 33:3	My words shall be of the uprightness of my heart: and my lips shall utter knowledge clearly.
Deuteronomy 25:17	Remember what Amalek did to you by the way, when you were come forth out of Egypt;
1 Corinthians 12:7	But the manifestation of the Spirit is given to every man to profit with.
Psalm 143:4	Therefore is my spirit overwhelmed within me; my heart within me is desolate.
1 Chronicles 24:31	These likewise cast lots over against their brothers the sons of Aaron in the presence of David the king, and Zadok, and Ahimelech, and the chief of the fathers of the priests and Levites, even the principal fathers over against their younger brothers.
Matthew 28:9	And as they went to tell his disciples, behold, Jesus met them, saying, All hail. And they came and held him by the feet, and worshipped him.
Matthew 15:4	For God commanded, saying, Honor your father and mother: and, He that curses father or mother, let him die the death.
Ephesians 6:18	Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints;
Numbers 21:18	The princes dig the well, the nobles of the people dig it, by the direction of the lawgiver, with their staves. And from the wilderness they went to Mattanah:
Amos 8:4	Hear this, O you that swallow up the needy, even to make the poor of the land to fail,
2 Samuel 2:6	And now the LORD show kindness and truth to you: and I also will requite you this kindness, because you have done this thing.
Joshua 7:10	And the LORD said to Joshua, Get you up; why lie you thus on your face?
1 Samuel 15:27	And as Samuel turned about to go away, he laid hold on the skirt of his mantle, and it rent.
Matthew 24:44	Therefore be you also ready: for in such an hour as you think not the Son of man comes.
Ezra 8:17	And I sent them with commandment to Iddo the chief at the place Casiphia, and I told them what they should say to Iddo, and to his brothers the Nethinims, at the place Casiphia, that they should bring to us ministers for the house of our God.
Deuteronomy 19:21	And your eye shall not pity; but life shall go for life, eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot.
Leviticus 2:12	As for the oblation of the first fruits, you shall offer them to the LORD: but they shall not be burnt on the altar for a sweet smell.
Job 10:1	My soul is weary of my life; I will leave my complaint on myself; I will speak in the bitterness of my soul.
Psalm 78:25	Man did eat angels’ food: he sent them meat to the full.
1 Samuel 21:11	And the servants of Achish said to him, Is not this David the king of the land? did they not sing one to another of him in dances, saying, Saul has slain his thousands, and David his ten thousands?
Psalm 40:7	Then said I, See, I come: in the volume of the book it is written of me,
Exodus 24:18	And Moses went into the middle of the cloud, and got him up into the mount: and Moses was in the mount forty days and forty nights.
Psalm 102:9	For I have eaten ashes like bread, and mingled my drink with weeping.
Luke 22:55	And when they had kindled a fire in the middle of the hall, and were set down together, Peter sat down among them.
Isaiah 62:12	And they shall call them, The holy people, The redeemed of the LORD: and you shall be called, Sought out, A city not forsaken.
1 Kings 3:6	And Solomon said, You have showed to your servant David my father great mercy, according as he walked before you in truth, and in righteousness, and in uprightness of heart with you; and you have kept for him this great kindness, that you have given him a son to sit on his throne, as it is this day.
Genesis 28:7	And that Jacob obeyed his father and his mother, and was gone to Padanaram;
Hosea 4:14	I will not punish your daughters when they commit prostitution, nor your spouses when they commit adultery: for themselves are separated with whores, and they sacrifice with harlots: therefore the people that does not understand shall fall.
Numbers 16:5	And he spoke to Korah and to all his company, saying, Even to morrow the LORD will show who are his, and who is holy; and will cause him to come near to him: even him whom he has chosen will he cause to come near to him.
1 Kings 8:55	And he stood, and blessed all the congregation of Israel with a loud voice, saying,
Nehemiah 11:16	And Shabbethai and Jozabad, of the chief of the Levites, had the oversight of the outward business of the house of God.
1 Chronicles 7:29	And by the borders of the children of Manasseh, Bethshean and her towns, Taanach and her towns, Megiddo and her towns, Dor and her towns. In these dwelled the children of Joseph the son of Israel.
Luke 2:23	(As it is written in the law of the LORD, Every male that opens the womb shall be called holy to the Lord;)
Isaiah 11:9	They shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain: for the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the LORD, as the waters cover the sea.
Psalm 73:2	But as for me, my feet were almost gone; my steps had well near slipped.
Leviticus 6:23	For every meat offering for the priest shall be wholly burnt: it shall not be eaten.
2 Chronicles 25:22	And Judah was put to the worse before Israel, and they fled every man to his tent.
John 19:18	Where they crucified him, and two other with him, on either side one, and Jesus in the middle.
James 1:17	Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above, and comes down from the Father of lights, with whom is no fickleness, neither shadow of turning.
Acts 10:31	And said, Cornelius, your prayer is heard, and your alms are had in remembrance in the sight of God.
Numbers 29:30	And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:
Romans 12:11	Not slothful in business; fervent in spirit; serving the Lord;
Acts 5:13	And of the rest dared no man join himself to them: but the people magnified them.
Genesis 19:13	For we will destroy this place, because the cry of them is waxen great before the face of the LORD; and the LORD has sent us to destroy it.
Luke 23:51	(The same had not consented to the counsel and deed of them;) he was of Arimathaea, a city of the Jews: who also himself waited for the kingdom of God.
Colossians 1:4	Since we heard of your faith in Christ Jesus, and of the love which you have to all the saints,
Judges 18:16	And the six hundred men appointed with their weapons of war, which were of the children of Dan, stood by the entering of the gate.
2 Chronicles 32:15	Now therefore let not Hezekiah deceive you, nor persuade you on this manner, neither yet believe him: for no god of any nation or kingdom was able to deliver his people out of my hand, and out of the hand of my fathers: how much less shall your God deliver you out of my hand?
Romans 9:19	You will say then to me, Why does he yet find fault? For who has resisted his will?
Numbers 33:10	And they removed from Elim, and encamped by the Red sea.
Genesis 37:15	And a certain man found him, and, behold, he was wandering in the field: and the man asked him, saying, What seek you?
Joshua 8:35	There was not a word of all that Moses commanded, which Joshua read not before all the congregation of Israel, with the women, and the little ones, and the strangers that were conversant among them.
Numbers 4:9	And they shall take a cloth of blue, and cover the candlestick of the light, and his lamps, and his tongs, and his firepans, and all the oil vessels thereof, with which they minister to it:
2 Kings 10:9	And it came to pass in the morning, that he went out, and stood, and said to all the people, You be righteous: behold, I conspired against my master, and slew him: but who slew all these?
Jeremiah 31:23	Thus said the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; As yet they shall use this speech in the land of Judah and in the cities thereof, when I shall bring again their captivity; The LORD bless you, O habitation of justice, and mountain of holiness.
1 Thessalonians 2:8	So being affectionately desirous of you, we were willing to have imparted to you, not the gospel of God only, but also our own souls, because you were dear to us.
Genesis 3:2	And the woman said to the serpent, We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden:
Joshua 4:8	And the children of Israel did so as Joshua commanded, and took up twelve stones out of the middle of Jordan, as the LORD spoke to Joshua, according to the number of the tribes of the children of Israel, and carried them over with them to the place where they lodged, and laid them down there.
1 Corinthians 15:45	And so it is written, The first man Adam was made a living soul; the last Adam was made a quickening spirit.
John 2:4	Jesus said to her, Woman, what have I to do with you? my hour is not yet come.
Jeremiah 18:4	And the vessel that he made of clay was marred in the hand of the potter: so he made it again another vessel, as seemed good to the potter to make it.
Romans 5:4	And patience, experience; and experience, hope:
Numbers 16:41	But on the morrow all the congregation of the children of Israel murmured against Moses and against Aaron, saying, You have killed the people of the LORD.
Ezekiel 16:38	And I will judge you, as women that break wedlock and shed blood are judged; and I will give you blood in fury and jealousy.
Nehemiah 1:7	We have dealt very corruptly against you, and have not kept the commandments, nor the statutes, nor the judgments, which you commanded your servant Moses.
2 Kings 16:20	And Ahaz slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David: and Hezekiah his son reigned in his stead.
Deuteronomy 7:1	When the LORD your God shall bring you into the land where you go to possess it, and has cast out many nations before you, the Hittites, and the Girgashites, and the Amorites, and the Canaanites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, seven nations greater and mightier than you;
Psalm 119:42	So shall I have with which to answer him that reproaches me: for I trust in your word.
John 12:11	Because that by reason of him many of the Jews went away, and believed on Jesus.
Job 38:34	Can you lift up your voice to the clouds, that abundance of waters may cover you?
Isaiah 47:15	Thus shall they be to you with whom you have labored, even your merchants, from your youth: they shall wander every one to his quarter; none shall save you.
Ezekiel 25:3	And say to the Ammonites, Hear the word of the Lord GOD; Thus said the Lord GOD; Because you said, Aha, against my sanctuary, when it was profaned; and against the land of Israel, when it was desolate; and against the house of Judah, when they went into captivity;
Revelation 11:8	And their dead bodies shall lie in the street of the great city, which spiritually is called Sodom and Egypt, where also our Lord was crucified.
2 Kings 5:12	Are not Abana and Pharpar, rivers of Damascus, better than all the waters of Israel? may I not wash in them, and be clean? So he turned and went away in a rage.
2 Kings 12:3	But the high places were not taken away: the people still sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places.
Hebrews 11:2	For by it the elders obtained a good report.
Obadiah 1:14	Neither should you have stood in the crossway, to cut off those of his that did escape; neither should you have delivered up those of his that did remain in the day of distress.
Nehemiah 3:29	After them repaired Zadok the son of Immer over against his house. After him repaired also Shemaiah the son of Shechaniah, the keeper of the east gate.
Deuteronomy 30:2	And shall return to the LORD your God, and shall obey his voice according to all that I command you this day, you and your children, with all your heart, and with all your soul;
Jeremiah 39:14	Even they sent, and took Jeremiah out of the court of the prison, and committed him to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan, that he should carry him home: so he dwelled among the people.
Colossians 4:13	For I bear him record, that he has a great zeal for you, and them that are in Laodicea, and them in Hierapolis.
Joshua 19:49	When they had made an end of dividing the land for inheritance by their coasts, the children of Israel gave an inheritance to Joshua the son of Nun among them:
Luke 20:2	And spoke to him, saying, Tell us, by what authority do you these things? or who is he that gave you this authority?
Numbers 7:48	On the seventh day Elishama the son of Ammihud, prince of the children of Ephraim, offered:
Genesis 42:20	But bring your youngest brother to me; so shall your words be verified, and you shall not die. And they did so.
Ezekiel 31:11	I have therefore delivered him into the hand of the mighty one of the heathen; he shall surely deal with him: I have driven him out for his wickedness.
Ecclesiastes 1:12	I the Preacher was king over Israel in Jerusalem.
Exodus 18:6	And he said to Moses, I your father in law Jethro am come to you, and your wife, and her two sons with her.
Joshua 6:20	So the people shouted when the priests blew with the trumpets: and it came to pass, when the people heard the sound of the trumpet, and the people shouted with a great shout, that the wall fell down flat, so that the people went up into the city, every man straight before him, and they took the city.
Psalm 22:15	My strength is dried up like a potsherd; and my tongue sticks to my jaws; and you have brought me into the dust of death.
Exodus 21:11	And if he do not these three to her, then shall she go out free without money.
Numbers 8:3	And Aaron did so; he lighted the lamps thereof over against the candlestick, as the LORD commanded Moses.
2 Samuel 6:4	And they brought it out of the house of Abinadab which was at Gibeah, accompanying the ark of God: and Ahio went before the ark.
Jeremiah 36:21	So the king sent Jehudi to fetch the roll: and he took it out of Elishama the scribe’s chamber. And Jehudi read it in the ears of the king, and in the ears of all the princes which stood beside the king.
Matthew 24:29	Immediately after the tribulation of those days shall the sun be darkened, and the moon shall not give her light, and the stars shall fall from heaven, and the powers of the heavens shall be shaken:
Deuteronomy 3:7	But all the cattle, and the spoil of the cities, we took for a prey to ourselves.
Deuteronomy 9:22	And at Taberah, and at Massah, and at Kibrothhattaavah, you provoked the LORD to wrath.
2 Chronicles 6:14	And said, O LORD God of Israel, there is no God like you in the heaven, nor in the earth; which keep covenant, and show mercy to your servants, that walk before you with all their hearts:
1 Kings 22:45	Now the rest of the acts of Jehoshaphat, and his might that he showed, and how he warred, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Genesis 8:11	And the dove came in to him in the evening; and, see, in her mouth was an olive leaf plucked off: so Noah knew that the waters were abated from off the earth.
Ezekiel 2:4	For they are impudent children and stiff hearted. I do send you to them; and you shall say to them, Thus said the Lord GOD.
Exodus 29:5	And you shall take the garments, and put on Aaron the coat, and the robe of the ephod, and the ephod, and the breastplate, and gird him with the curious girdle of the ephod:
Romans 2:14	For when the Gentiles, which have not the law, do by nature the things contained in the law, these, having not the law, are a law to themselves:
1 Timothy 3:3	Not given to wine, no striker, not greedy of filthy lucre; but patient, not a brawler, not covetous;
Daniel 4:34	And at the end of the days I Nebuchadnezzar lifted up my eyes to heaven, and my understanding returned to me, and I blessed the most High, and I praised and honored him that lives for ever, whose dominion is an everlasting dominion, and his kingdom is from generation to generation:
Revelation 22:11	He that is unjust, let him be unjust still: and he which is filthy, let him be filthy still: and he that is righteous, let him be righteous still: and he that is holy, let him be holy still.
Acts 17:24	God that made the world and all things therein, seeing that he is Lord of heaven and earth, dwells not in temples made with hands;
1 Chronicles 6:28	And the sons of Samuel; the firstborn Vashni, and Abiah.
1 Kings 18:28	And they cried aloud, and cut themselves after their manner with knives and lancets, till the blood gushed out on them.
Job 40:17	He moves his tail like a cedar: the sinews of his stones are wrapped together.
1 Kings 9:13	And he said, What cities are these which you have given me, my brother? And he called them the land of Cabul to this day.
1 Kings 22:44	And Jehoshaphat made peace with the king of Israel.
2 Samuel 13:36	And it came to pass, as soon as he had made an end of speaking, that, behold, the king’s sons came, and lifted up their voice and wept: and the king also and all his servants wept very sore.
Leviticus 7:34	For the wave breast and the heave shoulder have I taken of the children of Israel from off the sacrifices of their peace offerings, and have given them to Aaron the priest and to his sons by a statute for ever from among the children of Israel.
Exodus 9:7	And Pharaoh sent, and, behold, there was not one of the cattle of the Israelites dead. And the heart of Pharaoh was hardened, and he did not let the people go.
Exodus 32:12	Why should the Egyptians speak, and say, For mischief did he bring them out, to slay them in the mountains, and to consume them from the face of the earth? Turn from your fierce wrath, and repent of this evil against your people.
Isaiah 28:20	For the bed is shorter than that a man can stretch himself on it: and the covering narrower than that he can wrap himself in it.
Jude 1:5	I will therefore put you in remembrance, though you once knew this, how that the Lord, having saved the people out of the land of Egypt, afterward destroyed them that believed not.
Genesis 48:15	And he blessed Joseph, and said, God, before whom my fathers Abraham and Isaac did walk, the God which fed me all my life long to this day,
Ecclesiastes 5:19	Every man also to whom God has given riches and wealth, and has given him power to eat thereof, and to take his portion, and to rejoice in his labor; this is the gift of God.
Psalm 119:57	You are my portion, O LORD: I have said that I would keep your words.
Exodus 5:5	And Pharaoh said, Behold, the people of the land now are many, and you make them rest from their burdens.
1 Chronicles 16:12	Remember his marvelous works that he has done, his wonders, and the judgments of his mouth;
Acts 23:8	For the Sadducees say that there is no resurrection, neither angel, nor spirit: but the Pharisees confess both.
Mark 11:6	And they said to them even as Jesus had commanded: and they let them go.
Micah 1:12	For the inhabitant of Maroth waited carefully for good: but evil came down from the LORD to the gate of Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 13:20	Neither did Jeroboam recover strength again in the days of Abijah: and the LORD struck him, and he died.
Deuteronomy 28:45	Moreover all these curses shall come on you, and shall pursue you, and overtake you, till you be destroyed; because you listened not to the voice of the LORD your God, to keep his commandments and his statutes which he commanded you:
Jeremiah 52:17	Also the pillars of brass that were in the house of the LORD, and the bases, and the brazen sea that was in the house of the LORD, the Chaldeans broke, and carried all the brass of them to Babylon.
Jeremiah 1:8	Be not afraid of their faces: for I am with you to deliver you, said the LORD.
1 Kings 5:16	Beside the chief of Solomon’s officers which were over the work, three thousand and three hundred, which ruled over the people that worked in the work.
Ezekiel 28:22	And say, Thus said the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against you, O Zidon; and I will be glorified in the middle of you: and they shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall have executed judgments in her, and shall be sanctified in her.
Mark 6:25	And she came in straightway with haste to the king, and asked, saying, I will that you give me by and by in a charger the head of John the Baptist.
Job 25:2	Dominion and fear are with him, he makes peace in his high places.
1 Samuel 12:18	So Samuel called to the LORD; and the LORD sent thunder and rain that day: and all the people greatly feared the LORD and Samuel.
Ezekiel 27:14	They of the house of Togarmah traded in your fairs with horses and horsemen and mules.
Acts 22:13	Came to me, and stood, and said to me, Brother Saul, receive your sight. And the same hour I looked up on him.
Jeremiah 43:12	And I will kindle a fire in the houses of the gods of Egypt; and he shall burn them, and carry them away captives: and he shall array himself with the land of Egypt, as a shepherd puts on his garment; and he shall go forth from there in peace.
Isaiah 22:18	He will surely violently turn and toss you like a ball into a large country: there shall you die, and there the chariots of your glory shall be the shame of your lord’s house.
Mark 14:53	And they led Jesus away to the high priest: and with him were assembled all the chief priests and the elders and the scribes.
John 1:8	He was not that Light, but was sent to bear witness of that Light.
Leviticus 19:24	But in the fourth year all the fruit thereof shall be holy to praise the LORD with.
2 Chronicles 28:8	And the children of Israel carried away captive of their brothers two hundred thousand, women, sons, and daughters, and took also away much spoil from them, and brought the spoil to Samaria.
Luke 19:16	Then came the first, saying, Lord, your pound has gained ten pounds.
Judges 11:4	And it came to pass in process of time, that the children of Ammon made war against Israel.
Acts 1:22	Beginning from the baptism of John, to that same day that he was taken up from us, must one be ordained to be a witness with us of his resurrection.
Haggai 2:1	In the seventh month, in the one and twentieth day of the month, came the word of the LORD by the prophet Haggai, saying,
Genesis 18:3	And said, My LORD, if now I have found favor in your sight, pass not away, I pray you, from your servant:
Deuteronomy 20:7	And what man is there that has betrothed a wife, and has not taken her? let him go and return to his house, lest he die in the battle, and another man take her.
Psalm 30:12	To the end that my glory may sing praise to you, and not be silent. O LORD my God, I will give thanks to you for ever.
1 Corinthians 9:24	Know you not that they which run in a race run all, but one receives the prize? So run, that you may obtain.
Hebrews 13:20	Now the God of peace, that brought again from the dead our Lord Jesus, that great shepherd of the sheep, through the blood of the everlasting covenant,
Genesis 19:27	And Abraham got up early in the morning to the place where he stood before the LORD:
2 Chronicles 10:6	And king Rehoboam took counsel with the old men that had stood before Solomon his father while he yet lived, saying, What counsel give you me to return answer to this people?
Numbers 34:2	Command the children of Israel, and say to them, When you come into the land of Canaan; (this is the land that shall fall to you for an inheritance, even the land of Canaan with the coasts thereof:)
Song of Solomon 6:7	As a piece of a pomegranate are your temples within your locks.
Mark 14:13	And he sends forth two of his disciples, and said to them, Go you into the city, and there shall meet you a man bearing a pitcher of water: follow him.
Joshua 13:25	And their coast was Jazer, and all the cities of Gilead, and half the land of the children of Ammon, to Aroer that is before Rabbah;
Isaiah 43:9	Let all the nations be gathered together, and let the people be assembled: who among them can declare this, and show us former things? let them bring forth their witnesses, that they may be justified: or let them hear, and say, It is truth.
1 Peter 3:18	For Christ also has once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit:
Genesis 27:37	And Isaac answered and said to Esau, Behold, I have made him your lord, and all his brothers have I given to him for servants; and with corn and wine have I sustained him: and what shall I do now to you, my son?
Amos 3:11	Therefore thus said the Lord GOD; An adversary there shall be even round about the land; and he shall bring down your strength from you, and your palaces shall be spoiled.
1 Chronicles 12:24	The children of Judah that bore shield and spear were six thousand and eight hundred, ready armed to the war.
2 Chronicles 31:13	And Jehiel, and Azaziah, and Nahath, and Asahel, and Jerimoth, and Jozabad, and Eliel, and Ismachiah, and Mahath, and Benaiah, were overseers under the hand of Cononiah and Shimei his brother, at the commandment of Hezekiah the king, and Azariah the ruler of the house of God.
Psalm 118:28	You are my God, and I will praise you: you are my God, I will exalt you.
Romans 5:3	And not only so, but we glory in tribulations also: knowing that tribulation works patience;
Joel 2:1	Blow you the trumpet in Zion, and sound an alarm in my holy mountain: let all the inhabitants of the land tremble: for the day of the LORD comes, for it is near at hand;
Joshua 13:15	And Moses gave to the tribe of the children of Reuben inheritance according to their families.
John 6:53	Then Jesus said to them, Truly, truly, I say to you, Except you eat the flesh of the Son of man, and drink his blood, you have no life in you.
1 Corinthians 3:22	Whether Paul, or Apollos, or Cephas, or the world, or life, or death, or things present, or things to come; all are yours;
2 Samuel 23:18	And Abishai, the brother of Joab, the son of Zeruiah, was chief among three. And he lifted up his spear against three hundred, and slew them, and had the name among three.
Micah 5:15	And I will execute vengeance in anger and fury on the heathen, such as they have not heard.
Genesis 25:23	And the LORD said to her, Two nations are in your womb, and two manner of people shall be separated from your bowels; and the one people shall be stronger than the other people; and the elder shall serve the younger.
1 Chronicles 6:45	The son of Hashabiah, the son of Amaziah, the son of Hilkiah,
Leviticus 4:23	Or if his sin, wherein he has sinned, come to his knowledge; he shall bring his offering, a kid of the goats, a male without blemish:
Judges 1:36	And the coast of the Amorites was from the going up to Akrabbim, from the rock, and upward.
Mark 6:47	And when even was come, the ship was in the middle of the sea, and he alone on the land.
Genesis 38:10	And the thing which he did displeased the LORD: why he slew him also.
Isaiah 17:11	In the day shall you make your plant to grow, and in the morning shall you make your seed to flourish: but the harvest shall be a heap in the day of grief and of desperate sorrow.
Titus 2:1	But speak you the things which become sound doctrine:
2 Kings 15:18	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD: he departed not all his days from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin.
Ecclesiastes 5:12	The sleep of a laboring man is sweet, whether he eat little or much: but the abundance of the rich will not suffer him to sleep.
Jeremiah 9:1	Oh that my head were waters, and my eyes a fountain of tears, that I might weep day and night for the slain of the daughter of my people!
Leviticus 7:26	Moreover you shall eat no manner of blood, whether it be of fowl or of beast, in any of your dwellings.
Obadiah 1:4	Though you exalt yourself as the eagle, and though you set your nest among the stars, there will I bring you down, said the LORD.
Numbers 5:30	Or when the spirit of jealousy comes on him, and he be jealous over his wife, and shall set the woman before the LORD, and the priest shall execute on her all this law.
Genesis 5:22	And Enoch walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hundred years, and begat sons and daughters:
Isaiah 64:11	Our holy and our beautiful house, where our fathers praised you, is burned up with fire: and all our pleasant things are laid waste.
Ezekiel 22:15	And I will scatter you among the heathen, and disperse you in the countries, and will consume your filthiness out of you.
Exodus 27:15	And on the other side shall be hangings fifteen cubits: their pillars three, and their sockets three.
Numbers 5:26	And the priest shall take an handful of the offering, even the memorial thereof, and burn it on the altar, and afterward shall cause the woman to drink the water.
Nehemiah 4:13	Therefore set I in the lower places behind the wall, and on the higher places, I even set the people after their families with their swords, their spears, and their bows.
Job 42:16	After this lived Job an hundred and forty years, and saw his sons, and his sons’ sons, even four generations.
2 Kings 15:35	However, the high places were not removed: the people sacrificed and burned incense still in the high places. He built the higher gate of the house of the LORD.
1 Samuel 6:15	And the Levites took down the ark of the LORD, and the coffer that was with it, wherein the jewels of gold were, and put them on the great stone: and the men of Bethshemesh offered burnt offerings and sacrificed sacrifices the same day to the LORD.
Joshua 8:12	And he took about five thousand men, and set them to lie in ambush between Bethel and Ai, on the west side of the city.
Acts 3:1	Now Peter and John went up together into the temple at the hour of prayer, being the ninth hour.
Proverbs 9:4	Whoever is simple, let him turn in here: as for him that wants understanding, she said to him,
Isaiah 25:2	For you have made of a city an heap; of a defended city a ruin: a palace of strangers to be no city; it shall never be built.
Philippians 3:11	If by any means I might attain to the resurrection of the dead.
Deuteronomy 32:2	My doctrine shall drop as the rain, my speech shall distil as the dew, as the small rain on the tender herb, and as the showers on the grass:
Judges 17:6	In those days there was no king in Israel, but every man did that which was right in his own eyes.
Psalm 18:18	They prevented me in the day of my calamity: but the LORD was my stay.
Job 21:28	For you say, Where is the house of the prince? and where are the dwelling places of the wicked?
Job 28:12	But where shall wisdom be found? and where is the place of understanding?
Proverbs 15:13	A merry heart makes a cheerful countenance: but by sorrow of the heart the spirit is broken.
Judges 1:29	Neither did Ephraim drive out the Canaanites that dwelled in Gezer; but the Canaanites dwelled in Gezer among them.
1 Samuel 4:1	And the word of Samuel came to all Israel. Now Israel went out against the Philistines to battle, and pitched beside Ebenezer: and the Philistines pitched in Aphek.
Ezekiel 13:16	To wit, the prophets of Israel which prophesy concerning Jerusalem, and which see visions of peace for her, and there is no peace, said the Lord GOD.
1 Samuel 12:21	And turn you not aside: for then should you go after vain things, which cannot profit nor deliver; for they are vain.
Revelation 21:16	And the city lies foursquare, and the length is as large as the breadth: and he measured the city with the reed, twelve thousand furlongs. The length and the breadth and the height of it are equal.
Proverbs 13:25	The righteous eats to the satisfying of his soul: but the belly of the wicked shall want.
Jeremiah 8:4	Moreover you shall say to them, Thus said the LORD; Shall they fall, and not arise? shall he turn away, and not return?
Mark 4:9	And he said to them, He that has ears to hear, let him hear.
Mark 14:30	And Jesus said to him, Truly I say to you, That this day, even in this night, before the cock crow twice, you shall deny me thrice.
2 Chronicles 36:13	And he also rebelled against king Nebuchadnezzar, who had made him swear by God: but he stiffened his neck, and hardened his heart from turning to the LORD God of Israel.
1 Chronicles 7:27	Non his son, Jehoshuah his son.
2 Chronicles 33:6	And he caused his children to pass through the fire in the valley of the son of Hinnom: also he observed times, and used enchantments, and used witchcraft, and dealt with a familiar spirit, and with wizards: he worked much evil in the sight of the LORD, to provoke him to anger.
Joshua 8:18	And the LORD said to Joshua, Stretch out the spear that is in your hand toward Ai; for I will give it into your hand. And Joshua stretched out the spear that he had in his hand toward the city.
Isaiah 23:7	Is this your joyous city, whose antiquity is of ancient days? her own feet shall carry her afar off to sojourn.
2 Chronicles 2:16	And we will cut wood out of Lebanon, as much as you shall need: and we will bring it to you in floats by sea to Joppa; and you shall carry it up to Jerusalem.
Acts 6:7	And the word of God increased; and the number of the disciples multiplied in Jerusalem greatly; and a great company of the priests were obedient to the faith.
Exodus 10:18	And he went out from Pharaoh, and entreated the LORD.
Job 18:3	Why are we counted as beasts, and reputed vile in your sight?
Acts 24:15	And have hope toward God, which they themselves also allow, that there shall be a resurrection of the dead, both of the just and unjust.
Numbers 7:6	And Moses took the wagons and the oxen, and gave them to the Levites.
Hebrews 10:13	From now on expecting till his enemies be made his footstool.
Revelation 4:6	And before the throne there was a sea of glass like to crystal: and in the middle of the throne, and round about the throne, were four beasts full of eyes before and behind.
Luke 22:26	But you shall not be so: but he that is greatest among you, let him be as the younger; and he that is chief, as he that does serve.
Deuteronomy 4:16	Lest you corrupt yourselves, and make you a graven image, the similitude of any figure, the likeness of male or female,
Romans 8:9	But you are not in the flesh, but in the Spirit, if so be that the Spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his.
1 Samuel 22:3	And David went there to Mizpeh of Moab: and he said to the king of Moab, Let my father and my mother, I pray you, come forth, and be with you, till I know what God will do for me.
Acts 13:8	But Elymas the sorcerer (for so is his name by interpretation) withstood them, seeking to turn away the deputy from the faith.
1 Samuel 26:25	Then Saul said to David, Blessed be you, my son David: you shall both do great things, and also shall still prevail. So David went on his way, and Saul returned to his place.
Esther 9:3	And all the rulers of the provinces, and the lieutenants, and the deputies, and officers of the king, helped the Jews; because the fear of Mordecai fell on them.
John 12:30	Jesus answered and said, This voice came not because of me, but for your sakes.
John 1:16	And of his fullness have all we received, and grace for grace.
Proverbs 1:4	To give subtlety to the simple, to the young man knowledge and discretion.
Nehemiah 11:23	For it was the king’s commandment concerning them, that a certain portion should be for the singers, due for every day.
1 Kings 21:20	And Ahab said to Elijah, Have you found me, O my enemy? And he answered, I have found you: because you have sold yourself to work evil in the sight of the LORD.
Mark 14:46	And they laid their hands on him, and took him.
Zechariah 10:11	And he shall pass through the sea with affliction, and shall smite the waves in the sea, and all the deeps of the river shall dry up: and the pride of Assyria shall be brought down, and the scepter of Egypt shall depart away.
2 Kings 17:12	For they served idols, whereof the LORD had said to them, You shall not do this thing.
1 Timothy 4:8	For bodily exercise profits little: but godliness is profitable to all things, having promise of the life that now is, and of that which is to come.
Habakkuk 3:15	You did walk through the sea with your horses, through the heap of great waters.
Luke 16:28	For I have five brothers; that he may testify to them, lest they also come into this place of torment.
Micah 2:4	In that day shall one take up a parable against you, and lament with a doleful lamentation, and say, We be utterly spoiled: he has changed the portion of my people: how has he removed it from me! turning away he has divided our fields.
Isaiah 10:18	And shall consume the glory of his forest, and of his fruitful field, both soul and body: and they shall be as when a standard-bearer faints.
Judges 6:16	And the LORD said to him, Surely I will be with you, and you shall smite the Midianites as one man.
Luke 13:32	And he said to them, Go you, and tell that fox, Behold, I cast out devils, and I do cures to day and to morrow, and the third day I shall be perfected.
Genesis 46:1	And Israel took his journey with all that he had, and came to Beersheba, and offered sacrifices to the God of his father Isaac.
Psalm 132:17	There will I make the horn of David to bud: I have ordained a lamp for my anointed.
2 Kings 20:17	Behold, the days come, that all that is in your house, and that which your fathers have laid up in store to this day, shall be carried into Babylon: nothing shall be left, said the LORD.
Acts 16:36	And the keeper of the prison told this saying to Paul, The magistrates have sent to let you go: now therefore depart, and go in peace.
Psalm 38:7	For my loins are filled with a loathsome disease: and there is no soundness in my flesh.
Acts 16:28	But Paul cried with a loud voice, saying, Do yourself no harm: for we are all here.
Proverbs 25:14	Whoever boasts himself of a false gift is like clouds and wind without rain.
Jeremiah 18:12	And they said, There is no hope: but we will walk after our own devices, and we will every one do the imagination of his evil heart.
Ecclesiastes 4:2	Why I praised the dead which are already dead more than the living which are yet alive.
Numbers 33:51	Speak to the children of Israel, and say to them, When you are passed over Jordan into the land of Canaan;
Psalm 69:29	But I am poor and sorrowful: let your salvation, O God, set me up on high.
Psalm 107:35	He turns the wilderness into a standing water, and dry ground into springs.
Acts 15:41	And he went through Syria and Cilicia, confirming the churches.
Philippians 2:22	But you know the proof of him, that, as a son with the father, he has served with me in the gospel.
2 Chronicles 26:16	But when he was strong, his heart was lifted up to his destruction: for he transgressed against the LORD his God, and went into the temple of the LORD to burn incense on the altar of incense.
Jeremiah 50:22	A sound of battle is in the land, and of great destruction.
Numbers 10:5	When you blow an alarm, then the camps that lie on the east parts shall go forward.
1 Timothy 4:2	Speaking lies in hypocrisy; having their conscience seared with a hot iron;
Jeremiah 14:5	Yes, the hind also calved in the field, and forsook it, because there was no grass.
Exodus 38:21	This is the sum of the tabernacle, even of the tabernacle of testimony, as it was counted, according to the commandment of Moses, for the service of the Levites, by the hand of Ithamar, son to Aaron the priest.
Proverbs 1:22	How long, you simple ones, will you love simplicity? and the scorners delight in their scorning, and fools hate knowledge?
Psalm 18:11	He made darkness his secret place; his pavilion round about him were dark waters and thick clouds of the skies.
1 Kings 8:46	If they sin against you, (for there is no man that sins not,) and you be angry with them, and deliver them to the enemy, so that they carry them away captives to the land of the enemy, far or near;
Leviticus 8:32	And that which remains of the flesh and of the bread shall you burn with fire.
1 Chronicles 9:34	These chief fathers of the Levites were chief throughout their generations; these dwelled at Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 48:45	They that fled stood under the shadow of Heshbon because of the force: but a fire shall come forth out of Heshbon, and a flame from the middle of Sihon, and shall devour the corner of Moab, and the crown of the head of the tumultuous ones.
1 Thessalonians 5:6	Therefore let us not sleep, as do others; but let us watch and be sober.
Job 22:20	Whereas our substance is not cut down, but the remnant of them the fire consumes.
Acts 14:10	Said with a loud voice, Stand upright on your feet. And he leaped and walked.
Judges 4:3	And the children of Israel cried to the LORD: for he had nine hundred chariots of iron; and twenty years he mightily oppressed the children of Israel.
Matthew 14:1	At that time Herod the tetrarch heard of the fame of Jesus,
Isaiah 51:22	Thus said your Lord the LORD, and your God that pleads the cause of his people, Behold, I have taken out of your hand the cup of trembling, even the dregs of the cup of my fury; you shall no more drink it again:
Matthew 26:57	And they that had laid hold on Jesus led him away to Caiaphas the high priest, where the scribes and the elders were assembled.
Micah 5:6	And they shall waste the land of Assyria with the sword, and the land of Nimrod in the entrances thereof: thus shall he deliver us from the Assyrian, when he comes into our land, and when he treads within our borders.
Acts 19:18	And many that believed came, and confessed, and showed their deeds.
Joshua 22:26	Therefore we said, Let us now prepare to build us an altar, not for burnt offering, nor for sacrifice:
Isaiah 1:29	For they shall be ashamed of the oaks which you have desired, and you shall be confounded for the gardens that you have chosen.
Genesis 28:17	And he was afraid, and said, How dreadful is this place! this is none other but the house of God, and this is the gate of heaven.
1 John 2:15	Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him.
Job 5:5	Whose harvest the hungry eats up, and takes it even out of the thorns, and the robber swallows up their substance.
Psalm 111:8	They stand fast for ever and ever, and are done in truth and uprightness.
Matthew 6:21	For where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.
Numbers 21:26	For Heshbon was the city of Sihon the king of the Amorites, who had fought against the former king of Moab, and taken all his land out of his hand, even to Arnon.
Psalm 89:44	You have made his glory to cease, and cast his throne down to the ground.
Joshua 4:12	And the children of Reuben, and the children of Gad, and half the tribe of Manasseh, passed over armed before the children of Israel, as Moses spoke to them:
Isaiah 56:1	Thus said the LORD, Keep you judgment, and do justice: for my salvation is near to come, and my righteousness to be revealed.
Exodus 39:14	And the stones were according to the names of the children of Israel, twelve, according to their names, like the engravings of a signet, every one with his name, according to the twelve tribes.
2 Chronicles 9:4	And the meat of his table, and the sitting of his servants, and the attendance of his ministers, and their apparel; his cupbearers also, and their apparel; and his ascent by which he went up into the house of the LORD; there was no more spirit in her.
Deuteronomy 16:5	You may not sacrifice the passover within any of your gates, which the LORD your God gives you:
Ecclesiastes 12:2	While the sun, or the light, or the moon, or the stars, be not darkened, nor the clouds return after the rain:
1 Kings 16:22	But the people that followed Omri prevailed against the people that followed Tibni the son of Ginath: so Tibni died, and Omri reigned.
Daniel 8:18	Now as he was speaking with me, I was in a deep sleep on my face toward the ground: but he touched me, and set me upright.
Esther 5:10	Nevertheless Haman refrained himself: and when he came home, he sent and called for his friends, and Zeresh his wife.
1 Samuel 1:13	Now Hannah, she spoke in her heart; only her lips moved, but her voice was not heard: therefore Eli thought she had been drunken.
Esther 1:14	And the next to him was Carshena, Shethar, Admatha, Tarshish, Meres, Marsena, and Memucan, the seven princes of Persia and Media, which saw the king’s face, and which sat the first in the kingdom;)
Job 24:2	Some remove the landmarks; they violently take away flocks, and feed thereof.
Leviticus 25:26	And if the man have none to redeem it, and himself be able to redeem it;
Revelation 21:21	And the twelve gates were twelve pearls: every several gate was of one pearl: and the street of the city was pure gold, as it were transparent glass.
Lamentations 5:15	The joy of our heart is ceased; our dance is turned into mourning.
Psalm 105:17	He sent a man before them, even Joseph, who was sold for a servant:
1 Corinthians 11:30	For this cause many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep.
Judges 19:14	And they passed on and went their way; and the sun went down on them when they were by Gibeah, which belongs to Benjamin.
Luke 24:44	And he said to them, These are the words which I spoke to you, while I was yet with you, that all things must be fulfilled, which were written in the law of Moses, and in the prophets, and in the psalms, concerning me.
Deuteronomy 19:8	And if the LORD your God enlarge your coast, as he has sworn to your fathers, and give you all the land which he promised to give to your fathers;
1 John 5:9	If we receive the witness of men, the witness of God is greater: for this is the witness of God which he has testified of his Son.
Leviticus 8:8	And he put the breastplate on him: also he put in the breastplate the Urim and the Thummim.
2 Chronicles 26:1	Then all the people of Judah took Uzziah, who was sixteen years old, and made him king in the room of his father Amaziah.
Job 36:10	He opens also their ear to discipline, and commands that they return from iniquity.
Jeremiah 52:4	And it came to pass in the ninth year of his reign, in the tenth month, in the tenth day of the month, that Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon came, he and all his army, against Jerusalem, and pitched against it, and built forts against it round about.
Proverbs 16:21	The wise in heart shall be called prudent: and the sweetness of the lips increases learning.
Philippians 1:4	Always in every prayer of my for you all making request with joy,
Psalm 42:8	Yet the LORD will command his loving kindness in the day time, and in the night his song shall be with me, and my prayer to the God of my life.
2 Samuel 17:9	Behold, he is hid now in some pit, or in some other place: and it will come to pass, when some of them be overthrown at the first, that whoever hears it will say, There is a slaughter among the people that follow Absalom.
1 Kings 16:30	And Ahab the son of Omri did evil in the sight of the LORD above all that were before him.
Ecclesiastes 5:6	Suffer not your mouth to cause your flesh to sin; neither say you before the angel, that it was an error: why should God be angry at your voice, and destroy the work of your hands?
Nehemiah 12:10	And Jeshua begat Joiakim, Joiakim also begat Eliashib, and Eliashib begat Joiada,
Mark 14:58	We heard him say, I will destroy this temple that is made with hands, and within three days I will build another made without hands.
Judges 1:15	And she said to him, Give me a blessing: for you have given me a south land; give me also springs of water. And Caleb gave her the upper springs and the nether springs.
2 Samuel 21:10	And Rizpah the daughter of Aiah took sackcloth, and spread it for her on the rock, from the beginning of harvest until water dropped on them out of heaven, and suffered neither the birds of the air to rest on them by day, nor the beasts of the field by night.
Mark 8:22	And he comes to Bethsaida; and they bring a blind man to him, and sought him to touch him.
Acts 12:24	But the word of God grew and multiplied.
Genesis 27:16	And she put the skins of the kids of the goats on his hands, and on the smooth of his neck:
Hebrews 9:14	How much more shall the blood of Christ, who through the eternal Spirit offered himself without spot to God, purge your conscience from dead works to serve the living God?
Ezekiel 42:20	He measured it by the four sides: it had a wall round about, five hundred reeds long, and five hundred broad, to make a separation between the sanctuary and the profane place.
Psalm 89:26	He shall cry to me, You are my father, my God, and the rock of my salvation.
Joshua 19:26	And Alammelech, and Amad, and Misheal; and reaches to Carmel westward, and to Shihorlibnath;
Mark 14:36	And he said, Abba, Father, all things are possible to you; take away this cup from me: nevertheless not what I will, but what you will.
Exodus 16:21	And they gathered it every morning, every man according to his eating: and when the sun waxed hot, it melted.
2 Chronicles 28:20	And Tilgathpilneser king of Assyria came to him, and distressed him, but strengthened him not.
Exodus 16:8	And Moses said, This shall be, when the LORD shall give you in the evening flesh to eat, and in the morning bread to the full; for that the LORD hears your murmurings which you murmur against him: and what are we? your murmurings are not against us, but against the LORD.
Deuteronomy 3:4	And we took all his cities at that time, there was not a city which we took not from them, three score cities, all the region of Argob, the kingdom of Og in Bashan.
Joshua 12:12	The king of Eglon, one; the king of Gezer, one;
Psalm 143:10	Teach me to do your will; for you are my God: your spirit is good; lead me into the land of uprightness.
Numbers 11:23	And the LORD said to Moses, Is the LORD’s hand waxed short? you shall see now whether my word shall come to pass to you or not.
Proverbs 13:4	The soul of the sluggard desires, and has nothing: but the soul of the diligent shall be made fat.
Exodus 32:3	And all the people broke off the golden earrings which were in their ears, and brought them to Aaron.
Acts 22:11	And when I could not see for the glory of that light, being led by the hand of them that were with me, I came into Damascus.
1 Kings 2:42	And the king sent and called for Shimei, and said to him, Did I not make you to swear by the LORD, and protested to you, saying, Know for a certain, on the day you go out, and walk abroad any where, that you shall surely die? and you said to me, The word that I have heard is good.
John 7:17	If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself.
Mark 1:21	And they went into Capernaum; and straightway on the sabbath day he entered into the synagogue, and taught.
Matthew 25:24	Then he which had received the one talent came and said, Lord, I knew you that you are an hard man, reaping where you have not sown, and gathering where you have not strewed:
1 Kings 18:10	As the LORD your God lives, there is no nation or kingdom, where my lord has not sent to seek you: and when they said, He is not there; he took an oath of the kingdom and nation, that they found you not.
Jeremiah 31:19	Surely after that I was turned, I repented; and after that I was instructed, I smote on my thigh: I was ashamed, yes, even confounded, because I did bear the reproach of my youth.
Acts 14:8	And there sat a certain man at Lystra, weak in his feet, being a cripple from his mother’s womb, who never had walked:
Ezekiel 37:26	Moreover I will make a covenant of peace with them; it shall be an everlasting covenant with them: and I will place them, and multiply them, and will set my sanctuary in the middle of them for ever more.
1 Timothy 5:5	Now she that is a widow indeed, and desolate, trusts in God, and continues in supplications and prayers night and day.
1 Thessalonians 2:10	You are witnesses, and God also, how piously and justly and blamelessly we behaved ourselves among you that believe:
Ezekiel 32:11	For thus said the Lord GOD; The sword of the king of Babylon shall come on you.
1 Chronicles 2:36	And Attai begat Nathan, and Nathan begat Zabad,
Judges 1:13	And Othniel the son of Kenaz, Caleb’s younger brother, took it: and he gave him Achsah his daughter to wife.
Genesis 30:30	For it was little which you had before I came, and it is now increased to a multitude; and the LORD has blessed you since my coming: and now when shall I provide for my own house also?
1 Samuel 4:20	And about the time of her death the women that stood by her said to her, Fear not; for you have born a son. But she answered not, neither did she regard it.
Acts 5:32	And we are his witnesses of these things; and so is also the Holy Ghost, whom God has given to them that obey him.
Proverbs 9:16	Whoever is simple, let him turn in here: and as for him that wants understanding, she said to him,
John 14:9	Jesus said to him, Have I been so long time with you, and yet have you not known me, Philip? he that has seen me has seen the Father; and how say you then, Show us the Father?
Ezekiel 19:9	And they put him in ward in chains, and brought him to the king of Babylon: they brought him into holds, that his voice should no more be heard on the mountains of Israel.
Song of Solomon 1:13	A bundle of myrrh is my well-beloved to me; he shall lie all night between my breasts.
Jeremiah 43:6	Even men, and women, and children, and the king’s daughters, and every person that Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard had left with Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan, and Jeremiah the prophet, and Baruch the son of Neriah.
Exodus 3:5	And he said, Draw not near here: put off your shoes from off your feet, for the place where on you stand is holy ground.
Mark 9:25	When Jesus saw that the people came running together, he rebuked the foul spirit, saying to him, You dumb and deaf spirit, I charge you, come out of him, and enter no more into him.
Acts 7:58	And cast him out of the city, and stoned him: and the witnesses laid down their clothes at a young man’s feet, whose name was Saul.
Mark 8:38	Whoever therefore shall be ashamed of me and of my words in this adulterous and sinful generation; of him also shall the Son of man be ashamed, when he comes in the glory of his Father with the holy angels.
Exodus 29:44	And I will sanctify the tabernacle of the congregation, and the altar: I will sanctify also both Aaron and his sons, to minister to me in the priest’s office.
Isaiah 66:7	Before she travailed, she brought forth; before her pain came, she was delivered of a man child.
1 Samuel 24:15	The LORD therefore be judge, and judge between me and you, and see, and plead my cause, and deliver me out of your hand.
Matthew 14:23	And when he had sent the multitudes away, he went up into a mountain apart to pray: and when the evening was come, he was there alone.
Haggai 1:11	And I called for a drought on the land, and on the mountains, and on the corn, and on the new wine, and on the oil, and on that which the ground brings forth, and on men, and on cattle, and on all the labor of the hands.
1 Corinthians 5:7	Purge out therefore the old leaven, that you may be a new lump, as you are unleavened. For even Christ our passover is sacrificed for us:
Mark 5:33	But the woman fearing and trembling, knowing what was done in her, came and fell down before him, and told him all the truth.
Exodus 25:18	And you shall make two cherubim of gold, of beaten work shall you make them, in the two ends of the mercy seat.
Daniel 7:13	I saw in the night visions, and, behold, one like the Son of man came with the clouds of heaven, and came to the Ancient of days, and they brought him near before him.
Ezra 3:8	Now in the second year of their coming to the house of God at Jerusalem, in the second month, began Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and the remnant of their brothers the priests and the Levites, and all they that were come out of the captivity to Jerusalem; and appointed the Levites, from twenty years old and upward, to set forward the work of the house of the LORD.
Numbers 6:2	Speak to the children of Israel, and say to them, When either man or woman shall separate themselves to vow a vow of a Nazarite, to separate themselves to the LORD:
Deuteronomy 13:9	But you shall surely kill him; your hand shall be first on him to put him to death, and afterwards the hand of all the people.
2 Samuel 10:9	When Joab saw that the front of the battle was against him before and behind, he chose of all the choice men of Israel, and put them in array against the Syrians:
Jeremiah 25:24	And all the kings of Arabia, and all the kings of the mingled people that dwell in the desert,
Matthew 5:10	Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness’ sake: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
Psalm 69:25	Let their habitation be desolate; and let none dwell in their tents.
1 Chronicles 25:12	The fifth to Nethaniah, he, his sons, and his brothers, were twelve:
Ezekiel 43:3	And it was according to the appearance of the vision which I saw, even according to the vision that I saw when I came to destroy the city: and the visions were like the vision that I saw by the river Chebar; and I fell on my face.
Exodus 10:26	Our cattle also shall go with us; there shall not an hoof be left behind; for thereof must we take to serve the LORD our God; and we know not with what we must serve the LORD, until we come thither.
Isaiah 51:20	Your sons have fainted, they lie at the head of all the streets, as a wild bull in a net: they are full of the fury of the LORD, the rebuke of your God.
Matthew 26:41	Watch and pray, that you enter not into temptation: the spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak.
James 5:17	Elias was a man subject to like passions as we are, and he prayed earnestly that it might not rain: and it rained not on the earth by the space of three years and six months.
Daniel 6:4	Then the presidents and princes sought to find occasion against Daniel concerning the kingdom; but they could find none occasion nor fault; for as much as he was faithful, neither was there any error or fault found in him.
2 Kings 6:9	And the man of God sent to the king of Israel, saying, Beware that you pass not such a place; for thither the Syrians are come down.
Colossians 3:21	Fathers, provoke not your children to anger, lest they be discouraged.
Jeremiah 6:30	Reprobate silver shall men call them, because the LORD has rejected them.
1 Kings 1:49	And all the guests that were with Adonijah were afraid, and rose up, and went every man his way.
John 7:6	Then Jesus said to them, My time is not yet come: but your time is always ready.
Romans 5:20	Moreover the law entered, that the offense might abound. But where sin abounded, grace did much more abound:
Hebrews 11:27	By faith he forsook Egypt, not fearing the wrath of the king: for he endured, as seeing him who is invisible.
Nahum 3:6	And I will cast abominable filth on you, and make you vile, and will set you as a spectacle.
Luke 23:47	Now when the centurion saw what was done, he glorified God, saying, Certainly this was a righteous man.
Amos 9:1	I saw the LORD standing on the altar: and he said, Smite the lintel of the door, that the posts may shake: and cut them in the head, all of them; and I will slay the last of them with the sword: he that flees of them shall not flee away, and he that escapes of them shall not be delivered.
Mark 12:38	And he said to them in his doctrine, Beware of the scribes, which love to go in long clothing, and love salutations in the marketplaces,
John 6:27	Labor not for the meat which perishes, but for that meat which endures to everlasting life, which the Son of man shall give to you: for him has God the Father sealed.
Jeremiah 2:34	Also in your skirts is found the blood of the souls of the poor innocents: I have not found it by secret search, but on all these.
Proverbs 24:20	For there shall be no reward to the evil man; the candle of the wicked shall be put out.
1 Kings 11:33	Because that they have forsaken me, and have worshipped Ashtoreth the goddess of the Zidonians, Chemosh the god of the Moabites, and Milcom the god of the children of Ammon, and have not walked in my ways, to do that which is right in my eyes, and to keep my statutes and my judgments, as did David his father.
Isaiah 9:20	And he shall snatch on the right hand, and be hungry; and he shall eat on the left hand, and they shall not be satisfied: they shall eat every man the flesh of his own arm:
Matthew 10:21	And the brother shall deliver up the brother to death, and the father the child: and the children shall rise up against their parents, and cause them to be put to death.
Judges 13:17	And Manoah said to the angel of the LORD, What is your name, that when your sayings come to pass we may do you honor?
Ezekiel 11:14	Again the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Judges 19:12	And his master said to him, We will not turn aside here into the city of a stranger, that is not of the children of Israel; we will pass over to Gibeah.
2 Peter 3:1	This second letter, beloved, I now write to you; in both which I stir up your pure minds by way of remembrance:
2 Kings 9:30	And when Jehu was come to Jezreel, Jezebel heard of it; and she painted her face, and tired her head, and looked out at a window.
Psalm 45:2	You are fairer than the children of men: grace is poured into your lips: therefore God has blessed you for ever.
Numbers 21:22	Let me pass through your land: we will not turn into the fields, or into the vineyards; we will not drink of the waters of the well: but we will go along by the king’s high way, until we be past your borders.
Matthew 13:30	Let both grow together until the harvest: and in the time of harvest I will say to the reapers, Gather you together first the tares, and bind them in bundles to burn them: but gather the wheat into my barn.
1 Chronicles 9:5	And of the Shilonites; Asaiah the firstborn, and his sons.
2 Kings 15:20	And Menahem exacted the money of Israel, even of all the mighty men of wealth, of each man fifty shekels of silver, to give to the king of Assyria. So the king of Assyria turned back, and stayed not there in the land.
Ecclesiastes 3:13	And also that every man should eat and drink, and enjoy the good of all his labor, it is the gift of God.
2 Kings 21:21	And he walked in all the way that his father walked in, and served the idols that his father served, and worshipped them:
2 Kings 19:9	And when he heard say of Tirhakah king of Ethiopia, Behold, he is come out to fight against you: he sent messengers again to Hezekiah, saying,
2 Samuel 23:20	And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, the son of a valiant man, of Kabzeel, who had done many acts, he slew two lion like men of Moab: he went down also and slew a lion in the middle of a pit in time of snow:
Deuteronomy 33:5	And he was king in Jeshurun, when the heads of the people and the tribes of Israel were gathered together.
1 Chronicles 22:2	And David commanded to gather together the strangers that were in the land of Israel; and he set masons to hew worked stones to build the house of God.
Ezekiel 40:42	And the four tables were of hewn stone for the burnt offering, of a cubit and an half long, and a cubit and an half broad, and one cubit high: whereupon also they laid the instruments with which they slew the burnt offering and the sacrifice.
Hosea 1:1	The word of the LORD that came to Hosea, the son of Beeri, in the days of Uzziah, Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah, and in the days of Jeroboam the son of Joash, king of Israel.
Luke 23:18	And they cried out all at once, saying, Away with this man, and release to us Barabbas:
Judges 7:21	And they stood every man in his place round about the camp; and all the host ran, and cried, and fled.
Matthew 19:5	And said, For this cause shall a man leave father and mother, and shall join to his wife: and they two shall be one flesh?
Judges 12:11	And after him Elon, a Zebulonite, judged Israel; and he judged Israel ten years.
Deuteronomy 5:3	The LORD made not this covenant with our fathers, but with us, even us, who are all of us here alive this day.
Psalm 119:97	O how I love your law! it is my meditation all the day.
Matthew 1:13	And Zorobabel begat Abiud; and Abiud begat Eliakim; and Eliakim begat Azor;
Proverbs 16:5	Every one that is proud in heart is an abomination to the LORD: though hand join in hand, he shall not be unpunished.
1 Peter 2:2	As newborn babes, desire the sincere milk of the word, that you may grow thereby:
Matthew 27:35	And they crucified him, and parted his garments, casting lots: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, They parted my garments among them, and on my clothing did they cast lots.
1 Samuel 28:4	And the Philistines gathered themselves together, and came and pitched in Shunem: and Saul gathered all Israel together, and they pitched in Gilboa.
Ezekiel 44:15	But the priests the Levites, the sons of Zadok, that kept the charge of my sanctuary when the children of Israel went astray from me, they shall come near to me to minister to me, and they shall stand before me to offer to me the fat and the blood, said the Lord GOD:
Ecclesiastes 1:11	There is no remembrance of former things; neither shall there be any remembrance of things that are to come with those that shall come after.
2 Chronicles 15:14	And they swore to the LORD with a loud voice, and with shouting, and with trumpets, and with cornets.
2 Chronicles 6:27	Then hear you from heaven, and forgive the sin of your servants, and of your people Israel, when you have taught them the good way, wherein they should walk; and send rain on your land, which you have given to your people for an inheritance.
Luke 2:6	And so it was, that, while they were there, the days were accomplished that she should be delivered.
1 Peter 2:13	Submit yourselves to every ordinance of man for the Lord’s sake: whether it be to the king, as supreme;
Revelation 9:3	And there came out of the smoke locusts on the earth: and to them was given power, as the scorpions of the earth have power.
Hebrews 7:25	Why he is able also to save them to the uttermost that come to God by him, seeing he ever lives to make intercession for them.
2 Kings 5:14	Then went he down, and dipped himself seven times in Jordan, according to the saying of the man of God: and his flesh came again like to the flesh of a little child, and he was clean.
2 Chronicles 27:3	He built the high gate of the house of the LORD, and on the wall of Ophel he built much.
1 Chronicles 7:28	And their possessions and habitations were, Bethel and the towns thereof, and eastward Naaran, and westward Gezer, with the towns thereof; Shechem also and the towns thereof, to Gaza and the towns thereof:
1 Kings 8:27	But will God indeed dwell on the earth? behold, the heaven and heaven of heavens cannot contain you; how much less this house that I have built?
Song of Solomon 7:12	Let us get up early to the vineyards; let us see if the vine flourish, whether the tender grape appear, and the pomegranates bud forth: there will I give you my loves.
Job 38:17	Have the gates of death been opened to you? or have you seen the doors of the shadow of death?
Ezekiel 16:62	And I will establish my covenant with you; and you shall know that I am the LORD:
Psalm 62:6	He only is my rock and my salvation: he is my defense; I shall not be moved.
2 Samuel 3:33	And the king lamented over Abner, and said, Died Abner as a fool dies?
Genesis 35:16	And they journeyed from Bethel; and there was but a little way to come to Ephrath: and Rachel travailed, and she had hard labor.
2 Corinthians 1:16	And to pass by you into Macedonia, and to come again out of Macedonia to you, and of you to be brought on my way toward Judaea.
2 Kings 18:7	And the LORD was with him; and he prospered wherever he went forth: and he rebelled against the king of Assyria, and served him not.
Exodus 39:5	And the curious girdle of his ephod, that was on it, was of the same, according to the work thereof; of gold, blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Proverbs 1:2	To know wisdom and instruction; to perceive the words of understanding;
Ezra 7:12	Artaxerxes, king of kings, to Ezra the priest, a scribe of the law of the God of heaven, perfect peace, and at such a time.
Nehemiah 1:4	And it came to pass, when I heard these words, that I sat down and wept, and mourned certain days, and fasted, and prayed before the God of heaven,
Mark 1:9	And it came to pass in those days, that Jesus came from Nazareth of Galilee, and was baptized of John in Jordan.
Exodus 7:23	And Pharaoh turned and went into his house, neither did he set his heart to this also.
Judges 14:5	Then went Samson down, and his father and his mother, to Timnath, and came to the vineyards of Timnath: and, behold, a young lion roared against him.
Psalm 50:4	He shall call to the heavens from above, and to the earth, that he may judge his people.
Judges 17:5	And the man Micah had an house of gods, and made an ephod, and teraphim, and consecrated one of his sons, who became his priest.
2 Chronicles 5:9	And they drew out the staves of the ark, that the ends of the staves were seen from the ark before the oracle; but they were not seen without. And there it is to this day.
Joshua 21:26	All the cities were ten with their suburbs for the families of the children of Kohath that remained.
1 Kings 18:26	And they took the bullock which was given them, and they dressed it, and called on the name of Baal from morning even until noon, saying, O Baal, hear us. But there was no voice, nor any that answered. And they leaped on the altar which was made.
Nehemiah 12:19	And of Joiarib, Mattenai; of Jedaiah, Uzzi;
Numbers 15:39	And it shall be to you for a fringe, that you may look on it, and remember all the commandments of the LORD, and do them; and that you seek not after your own heart and your own eyes, after which you use to go a whoring:
1 Samuel 19:17	And Saul said to Michal, Why have you deceived me so, and sent away my enemy, that he is escaped? And Michal answered Saul, He said to me, Let me go; why should I kill you?
Isaiah 29:21	That make a man an offender for a word, and lay a snare for him that reproves in the gate, and turn aside the just for a thing of nothing.
Jeremiah 44:6	Why my fury and my anger was poured forth, and was kindled in the cities of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem; and they are wasted and desolate, as at this day.
Nehemiah 12:18	Of Bilgah, Shammua; of Shemaiah, Jehonathan;
1 Kings 11:2	Of the nations concerning which the LORD said to the children of Israel, You shall not go in to them, neither shall they come in to you: for surely they will turn away your heart after their gods: Solomon joined to these in love.
Psalm 51:7	Purge me with hyssop, and I shall be clean: wash me, and I shall be whiter than snow.
2 Kings 4:11	And it fell on a day, that he came thither, and he turned into the chamber, and lay there.
Jeremiah 36:3	It may be that the house of Judah will hear all the evil which I purpose to do to them; that they may return every man from his evil way; that I may forgive their iniquity and their sin.
1 Kings 6:5	And against the wall of the house he built chambers round about, against the walls of the house round about, both of the temple and of the oracle: and he made chambers round about:
1 John 2:25	And this is the promise that he has promised us, even eternal life.
1 Samuel 28:7	Then said Saul to his servants, Seek me a woman that has a familiar spirit, that I may go to her, and inquire of her. And his servants said to him, Behold, there is a woman that has a familiar spirit at Endor.
Luke 11:28	But he said, Yes rather, blessed are they that hear the word of God, and keep it.
Ruth 2:16	And let fall also some of the handfuls of purpose for her, and leave them, that she may glean them, and rebuke her not.
Ecclesiastes 1:8	All things are full of labor; man cannot utter it: the eye is not satisfied with seeing, nor the ear filled with hearing.
Proverbs 21:30	There is no wisdom nor understanding nor counsel against the LORD.
Jeremiah 17:5	Thus said the LORD; Cursed be the man that trusts in man, and makes flesh his arm, and whose heart departs from the LORD.
Revelation 1:8	I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, said the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, the Almighty.
1 Corinthians 15:11	Therefore whether it were I or they, so we preach, and so you believed.
Deuteronomy 20:14	But the women, and the little ones, and the cattle, and all that is in the city, even all the spoil thereof, shall you take to yourself; and you shall eat the spoil of your enemies, which the LORD your God has given you.
Psalm 69:1	Save me, O God; for the waters are come in to my soul.
Numbers 1:24	Of the children of Gad, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Joshua 24:31	And Israel served the LORD all the days of Joshua, and all the days of the elders that outlived Joshua, and which had known all the works of the LORD, that he had done for Israel.
Ezra 7:23	Whatever is commanded by the God of heaven, let it be diligently done for the house of the God of heaven: for why should there be wrath against the realm of the king and his sons?
Ephesians 5:23	For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church: and he is the savior of the body.
Leviticus 11:8	Of their flesh shall you not eat, and their carcass shall you not touch; they are unclean to you.
Joshua 9:22	And Joshua called for them, and he spoke to them, saying, Why have you beguiled us, saying, We are very far from you; when you dwell among us?
Numbers 22:31	Then the LORD opened the eyes of Balaam, and he saw the angel of the LORD standing in the way, and his sword drawn in his hand: and he bowed down his head, and fell flat on his face.
Deuteronomy 27:6	You shall build the altar of the LORD your God of whole stones: and you shall offer burnt offerings thereon to the LORD your God:
Deuteronomy 32:36	For the LORD shall judge his people, and repent himself for his servants, when he sees that their power is gone, and there is none shut up, or left.
Deuteronomy 3:1	Then we turned, and went up the way to Bashan: and Og the king of Bashan came out against us, he and all his people, to battle at Edrei.
Numbers 23:24	Behold, the people shall rise up as a great lion, and lift up himself as a young lion: he shall not lie down until he eat of the prey, and drink the blood of the slain.
Proverbs 18:6	A fool’s lips enter into contention, and his mouth calls for strokes.
2 Kings 23:13	And the high places that were before Jerusalem, which were on the right hand of the mount of corruption, which Solomon the king of Israel had built for Ashtoreth the abomination of the Zidonians, and for Chemosh the abomination of the Moabites, and for Milcom the abomination of the children of Ammon, did the king defile.
Job 11:3	Should your lies make men hold their peace? and when you mock, shall no man make you ashamed?
Habakkuk 3:14	You did strike through with his staves the head of his villages: they came out as a whirlwind to scatter me: their rejoicing was as to devour the poor secretly.
Matthew 25:21	His lord said to him, Well done, you good and faithful servant: you have been faithful over a few things, I will make you ruler over many things: enter you into the joy of your lord.
1 Samuel 2:34	And this shall be a sign to you, that shall come on your two sons, on Hophni and Phinehas; in one day they shall die both of them.
2 Kings 7:11	And he called the porters; and they told it to the king’s house within.
2 Corinthians 1:4	Who comforts us in all our tribulation, that we may be able to comfort them which are in any trouble, by the comfort with which we ourselves are comforted of God.
Psalm 109:20	Let this be the reward of my adversaries from the LORD, and of them that speak evil against my soul.
2 Samuel 21:22	These four were born to the giant in Gath, and fell by the hand of David, and by the hand of his servants.
1 Chronicles 23:27	For by the last words of David the Levites were numbered from twenty years old and above:
1 Chronicles 6:76	And out of the tribe of Naphtali; Kedesh in Galilee with her suburbs, and Hammon with her suburbs, and Kirjathaim with her suburbs.
Ephesians 2:17	And came and preached peace to you which were afar off, and to them that were near.
Leviticus 3:6	And if his offering for a sacrifice of peace offering to the LORD be of the flock; male or female, he shall offer it without blemish.
Acts 23:11	And the night following the Lord stood by him, and said, Be of good cheer, Paul: for as you have testified of me in Jerusalem, so must you bear witness also at Rome.
Ezra 2:69	They gave after their ability to the treasure of the work three score and one thousand drams of gold, and five thousand pound of silver, and one hundred priests’ garments.
Psalm 78:67	Moreover he refused the tabernacle of Joseph, and chose not the tribe of Ephraim:
Deuteronomy 2:31	And the LORD said to me, Behold, I have begun to give Sihon and his land before you: begin to possess, that you may inherit his land.
Proverbs 27:23	Be you diligent to know the state of your flocks, and look well to your herds.
Genesis 12:1	Now the LORD had said to Abram, Get you out of your country, and from your kindred, and from your father’s house, to a land that I will show you:
Deuteronomy 31:16	And the LORD said to Moses, Behold, you shall sleep with your fathers; and this people will rise up, and go a whoring after the gods of the strangers of the land, where they go to be among them, and will forsake me, and break my covenant which I have made with them.
Proverbs 28:22	He that hastens to be rich has an evil eye, and considers not that poverty shall come on him.
John 6:63	It is the spirit that vivifies; the flesh profits nothing: the words that I speak to you, they are spirit, and they are life.
John 7:29	But I know him: for I am from him, and he has sent me.
Job 7:2	As a servant earnestly desires the shadow, and as an hireling looks for the reward of his work:
Malachi 2:3	Behold, I will corrupt your seed, and spread dung on your faces, even the dung of your solemn feasts; and one shall take you away with it.
1 Peter 3:4	But let it be the hidden man of the heart, in that which is not corruptible, even the ornament of a meek and quiet spirit, which is in the sight of God of great price.
Genesis 46:6	And they took their cattle, and their goods, which they had gotten in the land of Canaan, and came into Egypt, Jacob, and all his seed with him:
Esther 3:1	After these things did king Ahasuerus promote Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, and advanced him, and set his seat above all the princes that were with him.
Revelation 12:4	And his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven, and did cast them to the earth: and the dragon stood before the woman which was ready to be delivered, for to devour her child as soon as it was born.
Luke 2:47	And all that heard him were astonished at his understanding and answers.
Psalm 33:12	Blessed is the nation whose God is the LORD; and the people whom he has chosen for his own inheritance.
Exodus 32:4	And he received them at their hand, and fashioned it with a engraving tool, after he had made it a molten calf: and they said, These be your gods, O Israel, which brought you up out of the land of Egypt.
Exodus 24:12	And the LORD said to Moses, Come up to me into the mount, and be there: and I will give you tables of stone, and a law, and commandments which I have written; that you may teach them.
Joshua 17:11	And Manasseh had in Issachar and in Asher Bethshean and her towns, and Ibleam and her towns, and the inhabitants of Dor and her towns, and the inhabitants of Endor and her towns, and the inhabitants of Taanach and her towns, and the inhabitants of Megiddo and her towns, even three countries.
Ezekiel 16:56	For your sister Sodom was not mentioned by your mouth in the day of your pride,
Ezra 10:19	And they gave their hands that they would put away their wives; and being guilty, they offered a ram of the flock for their trespass.
1 Chronicles 16:7	Then on that day David delivered first this psalm to thank the LORD into the hand of Asaph and his brothers.
Song of Solomon 3:3	The watchmen that go about the city found me: to whom I said, Saw you him whom my soul loves?
Exodus 7:8	And the LORD spoke to Moses and to Aaron, saying,
Ezekiel 23:46	For thus said the Lord GOD; I will bring up a company on them, and will give them to be removed and spoiled.
Philippians 1:30	Having the same conflict which you saw in me, and now hear to be in me.
Ezekiel 1:16	The appearance of the wheels and their work was like to the color of a beryl: and they four had one likeness: and their appearance and their work was as it were a wheel in the middle of a wheel.
Psalm 66:6	He turned the sea into dry land: they went through the flood on foot: there did we rejoice in him.
Jeremiah 42:1	Then all the captains of the forces, and Johanan the son of Kareah, and Jezaniah the son of Hoshaiah, and all the people from the least even to the greatest, came near,
John 11:50	Nor consider that it is expedient for us, that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not.
2 Chronicles 15:9	And he gathered all Judah and Benjamin, and the strangers with them out of Ephraim and Manasseh, and out of Simeon: for they fell to him out of Israel in abundance, when they saw that the LORD his God was with him.
Ezekiel 5:17	So will I send on you famine and evil beasts, and they shall bereave you: and pestilence and blood shall pass through you; and I will bring the sword on you. I the LORD have spoken it.
Psalm 115:6	They have ears, but they hear not: noses have they, but they smell not:
Matthew 22:32	I am the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob? God is not the God of the dead, but of the living.
Genesis 31:2	And Jacob beheld the countenance of Laban, and, behold, it was not toward him as before.
Psalm 120:4	Sharp arrows of the mighty, with coals of juniper.
Mark 4:11	And he said to them, To you it is given to know the mystery of the kingdom of God: but to them that are without, all these things are done in parables:
2 Samuel 14:24	And the king said, Let him turn to his own house, and let him not see my face. So Absalom returned to his own house, and saw not the king’s face.
2 Chronicles 2:9	Even to prepare me timber in abundance: for the house which I am about to build shall be wonderful great.
Genesis 29:18	And Jacob loved Rachel; and said, I will serve you seven years for Rachel your younger daughter.
Leviticus 8:34	As he has done this day, so the LORD has commanded to do, to make an atonement for you.
Job 21:4	As for me, is my complaint to man? and if it were so, why should not my spirit be troubled?
2 Chronicles 36:10	And when the year was expired, king Nebuchadnezzar sent, and brought him to Babylon, with the goodly vessels of the house of the LORD, and made Zedekiah his brother king over Judah and Jerusalem.
Isaiah 60:22	A little one shall become a thousand, and a small one a strong nation: I the LORD will hasten it in his time.
Micah 7:20	You will perform the truth to Jacob, and the mercy to Abraham, which you have sworn to our fathers from the days of old.
Esther 8:6	For how can I endure to see the evil that shall come to my people? or how can I endure to see the destruction of my kindred?
1 Kings 2:39	And it came to pass at the end of three years, that two of the servants of Shimei ran away to Achish son of Maachah king of Gath. And they told Shimei, saying, Behold, your servants be in Gath.
Numbers 3:44	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Hosea 12:12	And Jacob fled into the country of Syria, and Israel served for a wife, and for a wife he kept sheep.
Matthew 21:8	And a very great multitude spread their garments in the way; others cut down branches from the trees, and strewed them in the way.
1 Chronicles 29:10	Why David blessed the LORD before all the congregation: and David said, Blessed be you, LORD God of Israel our father, for ever and ever.
Numbers 23:29	And Balaam said to Balak, Build me here seven altars, and prepare me here seven bullocks and seven rams.
Jeremiah 35:18	And Jeremiah said to the house of the Rechabites, Thus said the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Because you have obeyed the commandment of Jonadab your father, and kept all his precepts, and done according to all that he has commanded you:
Isaiah 61:8	For I the LORD love judgment, I hate robbery for burnt offering; and I will direct their work in truth, and I will make an everlasting covenant with them.
Exodus 39:43	And Moses did look on all the work, and, behold, they had done it as the LORD had commanded, even so had they done it: and Moses blessed them.
Psalm 83:4	They have said, Come, and let us cut them off from being a nation; that the name of Israel may be no more in remembrance.
Deuteronomy 12:29	When the LORD your God shall cut off the nations from before you, where you go to possess them, and you succeed them, and dwell in their land;
2 Samuel 4:5	And the sons of Rimmon the Beerothite, Rechab and Baanah, went, and came about the heat of the day to the house of Ishbosheth, who lay on a bed at noon.
Mark 9:7	And there was a cloud that overshadowed them: and a voice came out of the cloud, saying, This is my beloved Son: hear him.
Ezekiel 28:6	Therefore thus said the Lord GOD; Because you have set your heart as the heart of God;
Leviticus 3:17	It shall be a perpetual statute for your generations throughout all your dwellings, that you eat neither fat nor blood.
Matthew 10:18	And you shall be brought before governors and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them and the Gentiles.
Numbers 24:8	God brought him forth out of Egypt; he has as it were the strength of an unicorn: he shall eat up the nations his enemies, and shall break their bones, and pierce them through with his arrows.
Proverbs 23:8	The morsel which you have eaten shall you vomit up, and lose your sweet words.
Leviticus 18:16	You shall not uncover the nakedness of your brother’s wife: it is your brother’s nakedness.
Job 14:17	My transgression is sealed up in a bag, and you sew up my iniquity.
Exodus 30:3	And you shall overlay it with pure gold, the top thereof, and the sides thereof round about, and the horns thereof; and you shall make to it a crown of gold round about.
2 Samuel 2:24	Joab also and Abishai pursued after Abner: and the sun went down when they were come to the hill of Ammah, that lies before Giah by the way of the wilderness of Gibeon.
Deuteronomy 29:11	Your little ones, your wives, and your stranger that is in your camp, from the hewer of your wood to the drawer of your water:
Numbers 26:36	And these are the sons of Shuthelah: of Eran, the family of the Eranites.
1 Thessalonians 5:3	For when they shall say, Peace and safety; then sudden destruction comes on them, as travail on a woman with child; and they shall not escape.
Ruth 4:6	And the kinsman said, I cannot redeem it for myself, lest I mar my own inheritance: redeem you my right to yourself; for I cannot redeem it.
Numbers 12:15	And Miriam was shut out from the camp seven days: and the people journeyed not till Miriam was brought in again.
Exodus 37:17	And he made the candlestick of pure gold: of beaten work made he the candlestick; his shaft, and his branch, his bowls, his knops, and his flowers, were of the same:
Acts 5:21	And when they heard that, they entered into the temple early in the morning, and taught. But the high priest came, and they that were with him, and called the council together, and all the senate of the children of Israel, and sent to the prison to have them brought.
Judges 18:23	And they cried to the children of Dan. And they turned their faces, and said to Micah, What ails you, that you come with such a company?
Psalm 106:29	Thus they provoked him to anger with their inventions: and the plague broke in on them.
2 Kings 15:10	And Shallum the son of Jabesh conspired against him, and smote him before the people, and slew him, and reigned in his stead.
1 Samuel 12:3	Behold, here I am: witness against me before the LORD, and before his anointed: whose ox have I taken? or whose ass have I taken? or whom have I defrauded? whom have I oppressed? or of whose hand have I received any bribe to blind my eyes therewith? and I will restore it you.
Nehemiah 6:15	So the wall was finished in the twenty and fifth day of the month Elul, in fifty and two days.
Ecclesiastes 9:4	For to him that is joined to all the living there is hope: for a living dog is better than a dead lion.
Deuteronomy 5:31	But as for you, stand you here by me, and I will speak to you all the commandments, and the statutes, and the judgments, which you shall teach them, that they may do them in the land which I give them to possess it.
Acts 9:20	And straightway he preached Christ in the synagogues, that he is the Son of God.
Joshua 13:12	All the kingdom of Og in Bashan, which reigned in Ashtaroth and in Edrei, who remained of the remnant of the giants: for these did Moses smite, and cast them out.
Psalm 74:3	Lift up your feet to the perpetual desolations; even all that the enemy has done wickedly in the sanctuary.
Judges 2:11	And the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the LORD, and served Baalim:
Isaiah 8:1	Moreover the LORD said to me, Take you a great roll, and write in it with a man’s pen concerning Mahershalalhashbaz.
Deuteronomy 12:32	What thing soever I command you, observe to do it: you shall not add thereto, nor diminish from it.
Leviticus 11:9	These shall you eat of all that are in the waters: whatever has fins and scales in the waters, in the seas, and in the rivers, them shall you eat.
Isaiah 3:8	For Jerusalem is ruined, and Judah is fallen: because their tongue and their doings are against the LORD, to provoke the eyes of his glory.
Matthew 12:33	Either make the tree good, and his fruit good; or else make the tree corrupt, and his fruit corrupt: for the tree is known by his fruit.
Job 27:12	Behold, all you yourselves have seen it; why then are you thus altogether vain?
Luke 3:12	Then came also publicans to be baptized, and said to him, Master, what shall we do?
Acts 15:27	We have sent therefore Judas and Silas, who shall also tell you the same things by mouth.
Genesis 10:28	And Obal, and Abimael, and Sheba,
2 Samuel 23:3	The God of Israel said, the Rock of Israel spoke to me, He that rules over men must be just, ruling in the fear of God.
Luke 1:28	And the angel came in to her, and said, Hail, you that are highly favored, the Lord is with you: blessed are you among women.
Genesis 19:22	Haste you, escape thither; for I cannot do anything till you be come thither. Therefore the name of the city was called Zoar.
Isaiah 60:10	And the sons of strangers shall build up your walls, and their kings shall minister to you: for in my wrath I smote you, but in my favor have I had mercy on you.
Proverbs 7:7	And beheld among the simple ones, I discerned among the youths, a young man void of understanding,
Haggai 2:13	Then said Haggai, If one that is unclean by a dead body touch any of these, shall it be unclean? And the priests answered and said, It shall be unclean.
Daniel 5:10	Now the queen by reason of the words of the king and his lords came into the banquet house: and the queen spoke and said, O king, live for ever: let not your thoughts trouble you, nor let your countenance be changed:
2 Kings 2:19	And the men of the city said to Elisha, Behold, I pray you, the situation of this city is pleasant, as my lord sees: but the water is naught, and the ground barren.
Matthew 27:28	And they stripped him, and put on him a scarlet robe.
Isaiah 66:2	For all those things has my hand made, and all those things have been, said the LORD: but to this man will I look, even to him that is poor and of a contrite spirit, and trembles at my word.
Psalm 105:8	He has remembered his covenant for ever, the word which he commanded to a thousand generations.
2 Samuel 1:16	And David said to him, Your blood be on your head; for your mouth has testified against you, saying, I have slain the LORD’s anointed.
Psalm 85:4	Turn us, O God of our salvation, and cause your anger toward us to cease.
Jeremiah 29:4	Thus said the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, to all that are carried away captives, whom I have caused to be carried away from Jerusalem to Babylon;
Luke 2:7	And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger; because there was no room for them in the inn.
2 Samuel 24:15	So the LORD sent a pestilence on Israel from the morning even to the time appointed: and there died of the people from Dan even to Beersheba seventy thousand men.
Jeremiah 52:19	And the basins, and the fire pans, and the bowls, and the caldrons, and the candlesticks, and the spoons, and the cups; that which was of gold in gold, and that which was of silver in silver, took the captain of the guard away.
Jeremiah 46:17	They did cry there, Pharaoh king of Egypt is but a noise; he has passed the time appointed.
John 8:53	Are you greater than our father Abraham, which is dead? and the prophets are dead: whom make you yourself?
1 Chronicles 27:1	Now the children of Israel after their number, to wit, the chief fathers and captains of thousands and hundreds, and their officers that served the king in any matter of the courses, which came in and went out month by month throughout all the months of the year, of every course were twenty and four thousand.
Isaiah 46:11	Calling a ravenous bird from the east, the man that executes my counsel from a far country: yes, I have spoken it, I will also bring it to pass; I have purposed it, I will also do it.
Genesis 7:8	Of clean beasts, and of beasts that are not clean, and of fowls, and of every thing that creeps on the earth,
Proverbs 19:24	A slothful man hides his hand in his bosom, and will not so much as bring it to his mouth again.
Ezekiel 26:12	And they shall make a spoil of your riches, and make a prey of your merchandise: and they shall break down your walls, and destroy your pleasant houses: and they shall lay your stones and your timber and your dust in the middle of the water.
Exodus 34:22	And you shall observe the feast of weeks, of the first fruits of wheat harvest, and the feast of ingathering at the year’s end.
Psalm 32:3	When I kept silence, my bones waxed old through my roaring all the day long.
Ezekiel 7:23	Make a chain: for the land is full of bloody crimes, and the city is full of violence.
Isaiah 26:3	You will keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on you: because he trusts in you.
Joshua 22:2	And said to them, You have kept all that Moses the servant of the LORD commanded you, and have obeyed my voice in all that I commanded you:
1 Chronicles 1:6	And the sons of Gomer; Ashchenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah.
Haggai 1:9	You looked for much, and, see it came to little; and when you brought it home, I did blow on it. Why? said the LORD of hosts. Because of my house that is waste, and you run every man to his own house.
Numbers 2:24	All that were numbered of the camp of Ephraim were an hundred thousand and eight thousand and an hundred, throughout their armies. And they shall go forward in the third rank.
1 Chronicles 16:33	Then shall the trees of the wood sing out at the presence of the LORD, because he comes to judge the earth.
Exodus 34:6	And the LORD passed by before him, and proclaimed, The LORD, The LORD God, merciful and gracious, long-suffering, and abundant in goodness and truth,
2 Samuel 9:8	And he bowed himself, and said, What is your servant, that you should look on such a dead dog as I am?
Leviticus 4:5	And the priest that is anointed shall take of the bullock’s blood, and bring it to the tabernacle of the congregation:
2 Samuel 22:37	You have enlarged my steps under me; so that my feet did not slip.
Judges 16:22	However, the hair of his head began to grow again after he was shaven.
John 19:7	The Jews answered him, We have a law, and by our law he ought to die, because he made himself the Son of God.
Psalm 40:2	He brought me up also out of an horrible pit, out of the miry clay, and set my feet on a rock, and established my goings.
Exodus 12:25	And it shall come to pass, when you be come to the land which the LORD will give you, according as he has promised, that you shall keep this service.
Judges 19:23	And the man, the master of the house, went out to them, and said to them, No, my brothers, no, I pray you, do not so wickedly; seeing that this man is come into my house, do not this folly.
Deuteronomy 7:26	Neither shall you bring an abomination into your house, lest you be a cursed thing like it: but you shall utterly detest it, and you shall utterly abhor it; for it is a cursed thing.
John 4:14	But whoever drinks of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst; but the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life.
Romans 3:24	Being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus:
Exodus 15:17	You shall bring them in, and plant them in the mountain of your inheritance, in the place, O LORD, which you have made for you to dwell in, in the Sanctuary, O LORD, which your hands have established.
Psalm 109:1	Hold not your peace, O God of my praise;
Exodus 29:6	And you shall put the turban on his head, and put the holy crown on the turban.
Nehemiah 9:5	Then the Levites, Jeshua, and Kadmiel, Bani, Hashabniah, Sherebiah, Hodijah, Shebaniah, and Pethahiah, said, Stand up and bless the LORD your God for ever and ever: and blessed be your glorious name, which is exalted above all blessing and praise.
2 Samuel 16:22	So they spread Absalom a tent on the top of the house; and Absalom went in to his father’s concubines in the sight of all Israel.
Ezra 10:14	Let now our rulers of all the congregation stand, and let all them which have taken strange wives in our cities come at appointed times, and with them the elders of every city, and the judges thereof, until the fierce wrath of our God for this matter be turned from us.
Proverbs 20:29	The glory of young men is their strength: and the beauty of old men is the grey head.
Deuteronomy 12:23	Only be sure that you eat not the blood: for the blood is the life; and you may not eat the life with the flesh.
Luke 6:24	But woe to you that are rich! for you have received your consolation.
Psalm 56:7	Shall they escape by iniquity? in your anger cast down the people, O God.
Numbers 21:6	And the LORD sent fiery serpents among the people, and they bit the people; and much people of Israel died.
Ezekiel 48:6	And by the border of Ephraim, from the east side even to the west side, a portion for Reuben.
Luke 3:25	Which was the son of Mattathias, which was the son of Amos, which was the son of Naum, which was the son of Esli, which was the son of Nagge,
1 Samuel 20:25	And the king sat on his seat, as at other times, even on a seat by the wall: and Jonathan arose, and Abner sat by Saul’s side, and David’s place was empty.
2 John 1:3	Grace be with you, mercy, and peace, from God the Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of the Father, in truth and love.
1 Chronicles 7:39	And the sons of Ulla; Arah, and Haniel, and Rezia.
Genesis 31:21	So he fled with all that he had; and he rose up, and passed over the river, and set his face toward the mount Gilead.
1 Kings 6:3	And the porch before the temple of the house, twenty cubits was the length thereof, according to the breadth of the house; and ten cubits was the breadth thereof before the house.
Genesis 22:11	And the angel of the LORD called to him out of heaven, and said, Abraham, Abraham: and he said, Here am I.
1 Chronicles 7:22	And Ephraim their father mourned many days, and his brothers came to comfort him.
1 Chronicles 26:1	Concerning the divisions of the porters: Of the Korhites was Meshelemiah the son of Kore, of the sons of Asaph.
Leviticus 2:5	And if your oblation be a meat offering baked in a pan, it shall be of fine flour unleavened, mingled with oil.
1 Kings 17:22	And the LORD heard the voice of Elijah; and the soul of the child came into him again, and he revived.
John 19:26	When Jesus therefore saw his mother, and the disciple standing by, whom he loved, he said to his mother, Woman, behold your son!
Job 42:7	And it was so, that after the LORD had spoken these words to Job, the LORD said to Eliphaz the Temanite, My wrath is kindled against you, and against your two friends: for you have not spoken of me the thing that is right, as my servant Job has.
2 Chronicles 28:16	At that time did king Ahaz send to the kings of Assyria to help him.
Nehemiah 13:29	Remember them, O my God, because they have defiled the priesthood, and the covenant of the priesthood, and of the Levites.
Genesis 46:16	And the sons of Gad; Ziphion, and Haggi, Shuni, and Ezbon, Eri, and Arodi, and Areli.
Acts 2:34	For David is not ascended into the heavens: but he said himself, The Lord said to my Lord, Sit you on my right hand,
Revelation 16:11	And blasphemed the God of heaven because of their pains and their sores, and repented not of their deeds.
Leviticus 25:29	And if a man sell a dwelling house in a walled city, then he may redeem it within a whole year after it is sold; within a full year may he redeem it.
Judges 8:6	And the princes of Succoth said, Are the hands of Zebah and Zalmunna now in your hand, that we should give bread to your army?
Psalm 73:6	Therefore pride compasses them about as a chain; violence covers them as a garment.
Joshua 4:14	On that day the LORD magnified Joshua in the sight of all Israel; and they feared him, as they feared Moses, all the days of his life.
2 Corinthians 12:7	And lest I should be exalted above measure through the abundance of the revelations, there was given to me a thorn in the flesh, the messenger of Satan to buffet me, lest I should be exalted above measure.
Psalm 119:19	I am a stranger in the earth: hide not your commandments from me.
Job 28:2	Iron is taken out of the earth, and brass is molten out of the stone.
2 Samuel 13:17	Then he called his servant that ministered to him, and said, Put now this woman out from me, and bolt the door after her.
2 Kings 22:10	And Shaphan the scribe showed the king, saying, Hilkiah the priest has delivered me a book. And Shaphan read it before the king.
Exodus 17:12	But Moses hands were heavy; and they took a stone, and put it under him, and he sat thereon; and Aaron and Hur stayed up his hands, the one on the one side, and the other on the other side; and his hands were steady until the going down of the sun.
2 Samuel 22:36	You have also given me the shield of your salvation: and your gentleness has made me great.
Luke 1:60	And his mother answered and said, Not so; but he shall be called John.
Nahum 3:17	Your crowned are as the locusts, and your captains as the great grasshoppers, which camp in the hedges in the cold day, but when the sun rises they flee away, and their place is not known where they are.
1 Chronicles 3:9	These were all the sons of David, beside the sons of the concubines, and Tamar their sister.
2 Chronicles 6:31	That they may fear you, to walk in your ways, so long as they live in the land which you gave to our fathers.
Psalm 34:20	He keeps all his bones: not one of them is broken.
Jeremiah 45:3	You did say, Woe is me now! for the LORD has added grief to my sorrow; I fainted in my sighing, and I find no rest.
Jude 1:13	Raging waves of the sea, foaming out their own shame; wandering stars, to whom is reserved the blackness of darkness for ever.
Proverbs 21:27	The sacrifice of the wicked is abomination: how much more, when he brings it with a wicked mind?
John 8:32	And you shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.
Deuteronomy 1:25	And they took of the fruit of the land in their hands, and brought it down to us, and brought us word again, and said, It is a good land which the LORD our God does give us.
1 Corinthians 11:27	Why whoever shall eat this bread, and drink this cup of the Lord, unworthily, shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord.
Joshua 19:22	And the coast reaches to Tabor, and Shahazimah, and Bethshemesh; and the outgoings of their border were at Jordan: sixteen cities with their villages.
Genesis 31:24	And God came to Laban the Syrian in a dream by night, and said to him, Take heed that you speak not to Jacob either good or bad.
Matthew 8:30	And there was a good way off from them an herd of many swine feeding.
Jeremiah 3:9	And it came to pass through the lightness of her prostitution, that she defiled the land, and committed adultery with stones and with stocks.
Genesis 30:6	And Rachel said, God has judged me, and has also heard my voice, and has given me a son: therefore called she his name Dan.
1 Kings 21:14	Then they sent to Jezebel, saying, Naboth is stoned, and is dead.
Jeremiah 33:25	Thus said the LORD; If my covenant be not with day and night, and if I have not appointed the ordinances of heaven and earth;
2 Peter 2:14	Having eyes full of adultery, and that cannot cease from sin; beguiling unstable souls: an heart they have exercised with covetous practices; cursed children:
Jeremiah 5:28	They are waxen fat, they shine: yes, they overpass the deeds of the wicked: they judge not the cause, the cause of the fatherless, yet they prosper; and the right of the needy do they not judge.
Matthew 11:18	For John came neither eating nor drinking, and they say, He has a devil.
Genesis 37:24	And they took him, and cast him into a pit: and the pit was empty, there was no water in it.
Exodus 1:15	And the king of Egypt spoke to the Hebrew midwives, of which the name of the one was Shiphrah, and the name of the other Puah:
Job 28:21	Seeing it is hid from the eyes of all living, and kept close from the fowls of the air.
Exodus 26:9	And you shall couple five curtains by themselves, and six curtains by themselves, and shall double the sixth curtain in the forefront of the tabernacle.
1 Corinthians 12:25	That there should be no schism in the body; but that the members should have the same care one for another.
2 Kings 19:6	And Isaiah said to them, Thus shall you say to your master, Thus said the LORD, Be not afraid of the words which you have heard, with which the servants of the king of Assyria have blasphemed me.
Joshua 18:9	And the men went and passed through the land, and described it by cities into seven parts in a book, and came again to Joshua to the host at Shiloh.
Leviticus 25:21	Then I will command my blessing on you in the sixth year, and it shall bring forth fruit for three years.
Numbers 26:58	These are the families of the Levites: the family of the Libnites, the family of the Hebronites, the family of the Mahlites, the family of the Mushites, the family of the Korathites. And Kohath begat Amram.
Psalm 119:27	Make me to understand the way of your precepts: so shall I talk of your wondrous works.
Jeremiah 11:18	And the LORD has given me knowledge of it, and I know it: then you showed me their doings.
Acts 27:10	And said to them, Sirs, I perceive that this voyage will be with hurt and much damage, not only of the lading and ship, but also of our lives.
Genesis 17:25	And Ishmael his son was thirteen years old, when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin.
Proverbs 20:12	The hearing ear, and the seeing eye, the LORD has made even both of them.
2 Thessalonians 1:7	And to you who are troubled rest with us, when the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from heaven with his mighty angels,
Jeremiah 51:34	Nebuchadrezzar the king of Babylon has devoured me, he has crushed me, he has made me an empty vessel, he has swallowed me up like a dragon, he has filled his belly with my delicates, he has cast me out.
Ezekiel 8:14	Then he brought me to the door of the gate of the LORD’s house which was toward the north; and, behold, there sat women weeping for Tammuz.
Numbers 20:6	And Moses and Aaron went from the presence of the assembly to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and they fell on their faces: and the glory of the LORD appeared to them.
Revelation 21:23	And the city had no need of the sun, neither of the moon, to shine in it: for the glory of God did lighten it, and the Lamb is the light thereof.
Acts 15:22	Then pleased it the apostles and elders with the whole church, to send chosen men of their own company to Antioch with Paul and Barnabas; namely, Judas surnamed Barsabas and Silas, chief men among the brothers:
Luke 17:2	It were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and he cast into the sea, than that he should offend one of these little ones.
2 Chronicles 12:6	Whereupon the princes of Israel and the king humbled themselves; and they said, The LORD is righteous.
John 12:15	Fear not, daughter of Sion: behold, your King comes, sitting on an ass’s colt.
Hosea 1:11	Then shall the children of Judah and the children of Israel be gathered together, and appoint themselves one head, and they shall come up out of the land: for great shall be the day of Jezreel.
1 Chronicles 1:5	The sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras.
Genesis 50:19	And Joseph said to them, Fear not: for am I in the place of God?
Psalm 41:7	All that hate me whisper together against me: against me do they devise my hurt.
Jeremiah 4:28	For this shall the earth mourn, and the heavens above be black; because I have spoken it, I have purposed it, and will not repent, neither will I turn back from it.
Exodus 22:26	If you at all take your neighbor’s raiment to pledge, you shall deliver it to him by that the sun goes down:
2 Chronicles 5:7	And the priests brought in the ark of the covenant of the LORD to his place, to the oracle of the house, into the most holy place, even under the wings of the cherubim:
Luke 17:27	They did eat, they drank, they married wives, they were given in marriage, until the day that Noe entered into the ark, and the flood came, and destroyed them all.
Matthew 11:6	And blessed is he, whoever shall not be offended in me.
Numbers 1:25	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Gad, were forty and five thousand six hundred and fifty.
Amos 9:3	And though they hide themselves in the top of Carmel, I will search and take them out there; and though they be hid from my sight in the bottom of the sea, there will I command the serpent, and he shall bite them:
Acts 27:22	And now I exhort you to be of good cheer: for there shall be no loss of any man’s life among you, but of the ship.
Revelation 18:2	And he cried mightily with a strong voice, saying, Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, and is become the habitation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird.
Matthew 7:6	Give not that which is holy to the dogs, neither cast you your pearls before swine, lest they trample them under their feet, and turn again and rend you.
Numbers 34:16	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
2 Kings 6:28	And the king said to her, What ails you? And she answered, This woman said to me, Give your son, that we may eat him to day, and we will eat my son to morrow.
Song of Solomon 7:2	Your navel is like a round goblet, which wants not liquor: your belly is like an heap of wheat set about with lilies.
Acts 27:1	And when it was determined that we should sail into Italy, they delivered Paul and certain other prisoners to one named Julius, a centurion of Augustus’ band.
2 Chronicles 9:21	For the king’s ships went to Tarshish with the servants of Huram: every three years once came the ships of Tarshish bringing gold, and silver, ivory, and apes, and peacocks.
Isaiah 64:1	Oh that you would rend the heavens, that you would come down, that the mountains might flow down at your presence,
Joshua 21:23	And out of the tribe of Dan, Eltekeh with her suburbs, Gibbethon with her suburbs,
Philippians 3:20	For our conversation is in heaven; from where also we look for the Savior, the Lord Jesus Christ:
2 Kings 9:12	And they said, It is false; tell us now. And he said, Thus and thus spoke he to me, saying, Thus said the LORD, I have anointed you king over Israel.
Mark 15:9	But Pilate answered them, saying, Will you that I release to you the King of the Jews?
1 Samuel 12:4	And they said, You have not defrauded us, nor oppressed us, neither have you taken ought of any man’s hand.
Jeremiah 16:3	For thus said the LORD concerning the sons and concerning the daughters that are born in this place, and concerning their mothers that bore them, and concerning their fathers that begat them in this land;
Mark 14:29	But Peter said to him, Although all shall be offended, yet will not I.
1 Chronicles 29:14	But who am I, and what is my people, that we should be able to offer so willingly after this sort? for all things come of you, and of your own have we given you.
Galatians 6:16	And as many as walk according to this rule, peace be on them, and mercy, and on the Israel of God.
Genesis 7:7	And Noah went in, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons’ wives with him, into the ark, because of the waters of the flood.
Colossians 3:11	Where there is neither Greek nor Jew, circumcision nor uncircumcision, Barbarian, Scythian, bond nor free: but Christ is all, and in all.
Joshua 13:10	And all the cities of Sihon king of the Amorites, which reigned in Heshbon, to the border of the children of Ammon;
1 Kings 12:28	Whereupon the king took counsel, and made two calves of gold, and said to them, It is too much for you to go up to Jerusalem: behold your gods, O Israel, which brought you up out of the land of Egypt.
John 6:61	When Jesus knew in himself that his disciples murmured at it, he said to them, Does this offend you?
Nehemiah 2:8	And a letter to Asaph the keeper of the king’s forest, that he may give me timber to make beams for the gates of the palace which appertained to the house, and for the wall of the city, and for the house that I shall enter into. And the king granted me, according to the good hand of my God on me.
Lamentations 3:10	He was to me as a bear lying in wait, and as a lion in secret places.
1 Chronicles 6:9	And Ahimaaz begat Azariah, and Azariah begat Johanan,
Habakkuk 1:14	And make men as the fishes of the sea, as the creeping things, that have no ruler over them?
Exodus 36:19	And he made a covering for the tent of rams’ skins dyed red, and a covering of badgers’ skins above that.
John 12:23	And Jesus answered them, saying, The hour is come, that the Son of man should be glorified.
1 Kings 17:5	So he went and did according to the word of the LORD: for he went and dwelled by the brook Cherith, that is before Jordan.
Psalm 38:12	They also that seek after my life lay snares for me: and they that seek my hurt speak mischievous things, and imagine deceits all the day long.
Acts 13:26	Men and brothers, children of the stock of Abraham, and whoever among you fears God, to you is the word of this salvation sent.
Psalm 119:76	Let, I pray you, your merciful kindness be for my comfort, according to your word to your servant.
Psalm 44:15	My confusion is continually before me, and the shame of my face has covered me,
Proverbs 14:14	The backslider in heart shall be filled with his own ways: and a good man shall be satisfied from himself.
John 4:45	Then when he was come into Galilee, the Galilaeans received him, having seen all the things that he did at Jerusalem at the feast: for they also went to the feast.
Matthew 14:3	For Herod had laid hold on John, and bound him, and put him in prison for Herodias’ sake, his brother Philip’s wife.
Isaiah 42:22	But this is a people robbed and spoiled; they are all of them snared in holes, and they are hid in prison houses: they are for a prey, and none delivers; for a spoil, and none said, Restore.
John 19:37	And again another scripture said, They shall look on him whom they pierced.
John 3:12	If I have told you earthly things, and you believe not, how shall you believe, if I tell you of heavenly things?
Numbers 2:11	And his host, and those that were numbered thereof, were forty and six thousand and five hundred.
Numbers 32:20	And Moses said to them, If you will do this thing, if you will go armed before the LORD to war,
Numbers 20:21	Thus Edom refused to give Israel passage through his border: why Israel turned away from him.
Luke 8:22	Now it came to pass on a certain day, that he went into a ship with his disciples: and he said to them, Let us go over to the other side of the lake. And they launched forth.
Luke 17:14	And when he saw them, he said to them, Go show yourselves to the priests. And it came to pass, that, as they went, they were cleansed.
Matthew 22:33	And when the multitude heard this, they were astonished at his doctrine.
Proverbs 26:18	As a mad man who casts firebrands, arrows, and death,
Matthew 10:41	He that receives a prophet in the name of a prophet shall receive a prophet’s reward; and he that receives a righteous man in the name of a righteous man shall receive a righteous man’s reward.
Acts 28:29	And when he had said these words, the Jews departed, and had great reasoning among themselves.
Numbers 4:28	This is the service of the families of the sons of Gershon in the tabernacle of the congregation: and their charge shall be under the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest.
Ephesians 4:2	With all lowliness and meekness, with long-suffering, forbearing one another in love;
Judges 9:30	And when Zebul the ruler of the city heard the words of Gaal the son of Ebed, his anger was kindled.
Jeremiah 20:9	Then I said, I will not make mention of him, nor speak any more in his name. But his word was in my heart as a burning fire shut up in my bones, and I was weary with forbearing, and I could not stay.
2 Kings 4:5	So she went from him, and shut the door on her and on her sons, who brought the vessels to her; and she poured out.
Ezekiel 17:7	There was also another great eagle with great wings and many feathers: and, behold, this vine did bend her roots toward him, and shot forth her branches toward him, that he might water it by the furrows of her plantation.
Matthew 10:14	And whoever shall not receive you, nor hear your words, when you depart out of that house or city, shake off the dust of your feet.
Ezekiel 33:13	When I shall say to the righteous, that he shall surely live; if he trust to his own righteousness, and commit iniquity, all his righteousnesses shall not be remembered; but for his iniquity that he has committed, he shall die for it.
Matthew 16:5	And when his disciples were come to the other side, they had forgotten to take bread.
Proverbs 3:25	Be not afraid of sudden fear, neither of the desolation of the wicked, when it comes.
John 9:26	Then said they to him again, What did he to you? how opened he your eyes?
Matthew 9:1	And he entered into a ship, and passed over, and came into his own city.
Acts 5:33	When they heard that, they were cut to the heart, and took counsel to slay them.
2 Corinthians 13:3	Since you seek a proof of Christ speaking in me, which to you-ward is not weak, but is mighty in you.
Jeremiah 50:18	Therefore thus said the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will punish the king of Babylon and his land, as I have punished the king of Assyria.
1 Kings 11:3	And he had seven hundred wives, princesses, and three hundred concubines: and his wives turned away his heart.
1 Corinthians 14:17	For you truly give thanks well, but the other is not edified.
1 Peter 3:3	Whose adorning let it not be that outward adorning of plaiting the hair, and of wearing of gold, or of putting on of apparel;
Acts 20:12	And they brought the young man alive, and were not a little comforted.
Leviticus 5:8	And he shall bring them to the priest, who shall offer that which is for the sin offering first, and wring off his head from his neck, but shall not divide it asunder:
Genesis 10:8	And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be a mighty one in the earth.
Acts 1:10	And while they looked steadfastly toward heaven as he went up, behold, two men stood by them in white apparel;
Judges 6:27	Then Gideon took ten men of his servants, and did as the LORD had said to him: and so it was, because he feared his father’s household, and the men of the city, that he could not do it by day, that he did it by night.
John 12:31	Now is the judgment of this world: now shall the prince of this world be cast out.
1 Chronicles 6:67	And they gave to them, of the cities of refuge, Shechem in mount Ephraim with her suburbs; they gave also Gezer with her suburbs,
Psalm 72:6	He shall come down like rain on the mown grass: as showers that water the earth.
2 Samuel 11:27	And when the mourning was past, David sent and fetched her to his house, and she became his wife, and bore him a son. But the thing that David had done displeased the LORD.
Job 7:18	And that you should visit him every morning, and try him every moment?
Jeremiah 42:3	That the LORD your God may show us the way wherein we may walk, and the thing that we may do.
Jeremiah 25:10	Moreover I will take from them the voice of mirth, and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, and the voice of the bride, the sound of the millstones, and the light of the candle.
Jeremiah 10:1	Hear you the word which the LORD speaks to you, O house of Israel:
1 Samuel 26:2	Then Saul arose, and went down to the wilderness of Ziph, having three thousand chosen men of Israel with him, to seek David in the wilderness of Ziph.
Matthew 10:16	Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the middle of wolves: be you therefore wise as serpents, and harmless as doves.
Isaiah 14:31	Howl, O gate; cry, O city; you, whole Palestina, are dissolved: for there shall come from the north a smoke, and none shall be alone in his appointed times.
Job 38:37	Who can number the clouds in wisdom? or who can stay the bottles of heaven,
Revelation 7:8	Of the tribe of Zabulon were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Joseph were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Benjamin were sealed twelve thousand.
Isaiah 44:23	Sing, O you heavens; for the LORD has done it: shout, you lower parts of the earth: break forth into singing, you mountains, O forest, and every tree therein: for the LORD has redeemed Jacob, and glorified himself in Israel.
2 Kings 9:28	And his servants carried him in a chariot to Jerusalem, and buried him in his sepulcher with his fathers in the city of David.
Galatians 1:19	But other of the apostles saw I none, save James the Lord’s brother.
2 Corinthians 2:11	Lest Satan should get an advantage of us: for we are not ignorant of his devices.
Luke 4:23	And he said to them, You will surely say to me this proverb, Physician, heal yourself: whatever we have heard done in Capernaum, do also here in your country.
1 Samuel 25:3	Now the name of the man was Nabal; and the name of his wife Abigail: and she was a woman of good understanding, and of a beautiful countenance: but the man was churlish and evil in his doings; and he was of the house of Caleb.
2 Kings 22:8	And Hilkiah the high priest said to Shaphan the scribe, I have found the book of the law in the house of the LORD. And Hilkiah gave the book to Shaphan, and he read it.
Acts 16:20	And brought them to the magistrates, saying, These men, being Jews, do exceedingly trouble our city,
Numbers 35:33	So you shall not pollute the land wherein you are: for blood it defiles the land: and the land cannot be cleansed of the blood that is shed therein, but by the blood of him that shed it.
Romans 11:27	For this is my covenant to them, when I shall take away their sins.
Deuteronomy 9:24	You have been rebellious against the LORD from the day that I knew you.
Luke 18:20	You know the commandments, Do not commit adultery, Do not kill, Do not steal, Do not bear false witness, Honor your father and your mother.
Daniel 5:2	Belshazzar, whiles he tasted the wine, commanded to bring the golden and silver vessels which his father Nebuchadnezzar had taken out of the temple which was in Jerusalem; that the king, and his princes, his wives, and his concubines, might drink therein.
Joshua 15:13	And to Caleb the son of Jephunneh he gave a part among the children of Judah, according to the commandment of the LORD to Joshua, even the city of Arba the father of Anak, which city is Hebron.
2 Kings 9:7	And you shall smite the house of Ahab your master, that I may avenge the blood of my servants the prophets, and the blood of all the servants of the LORD, at the hand of Jezebel.
Psalm 45:16	Instead of your fathers shall be your children, whom you may make princes in all the earth.
Ezekiel 5:14	Moreover I will make you waste, and a reproach among the nations that are round about you, in the sight of all that pass by.
Isaiah 58:8	Then shall your light break forth as the morning, and your health shall spring forth speedily: and your righteousness shall go before you; the glory of the LORD shall be your rear guard.
Numbers 8:2	Speak to Aaron and say to him, When you light the lamps, the seven lamps shall give light over against the candlestick.
1 Chronicles 1:39	And the sons of Lotan; Hori, and Homam: and Timna was Lotan’s sister.
Judges 16:3	And Samson lay till midnight, and arose at midnight, and took the doors of the gate of the city, and the two posts, and went away with them, bar and all, and put them on his shoulders, and carried them up to the top of an hill that is before Hebron.
Psalm 107:5	Hungry and thirsty, their soul fainted in them.
Romans 11:10	Let their eyes be darkened, that they may not see, and bow down their back always.
Genesis 43:22	And other money have we brought down in our hands to buy food: we cannot tell who put our money in our sacks.
Job 40:6	Then answered the LORD to Job out of the whirlwind, and said,
Acts 27:17	Which when they had taken up, they used helps, under girding the ship; and, fearing lest they should fall into the quicksands, struck sail, and so were driven.
2 Corinthians 8:3	For to their power, I bear record, yes, and beyond their power they were willing of themselves;
Esther 2:20	Esther had not yet showed her kindred nor her people; as Mordecai had charged her: for Esther did the commandment of Mordecai, like as when she was brought up with him.
John 17:25	O righteous Father, the world has not known you: but I have known you, and these have known that you have sent me.
Luke 22:66	And as soon as it was day, the elders of the people and the chief priests and the scribes came together, and led him into their council, saying,
1 Corinthians 15:10	But by the grace of God I am what I am: and his grace which was bestowed on me was not in vain; but I labored more abundantly than they all: yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me.
Job 4:7	Remember, I pray you, who ever perished, being innocent? or where were the righteous cut off?
Matthew 12:43	When the unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walks through dry places, seeking rest, and finds none.
1 Corinthians 9:23	And this I do for the gospel’s sake, that I might be partaker thereof with you.
Song of Solomon 1:5	I am black, but comely, O you daughters of Jerusalem, as the tents of Kedar, as the curtains of Solomon.
Job 16:20	My friends scorn me: but my eye pours out tears to God.
Acts 10:25	And as Peter was coming in, Cornelius met him, and fell down at his feet, and worshipped him.
John 7:41	Others said, This is the Christ. But some said, Shall Christ come out of Galilee?
Proverbs 29:3	Whoever loves wisdom rejoices his father: but he that keeps company with harlots spends his substance.
Psalm 12:2	They speak vanity every one with his neighbor: with flattering lips and with a double heart do they speak.
Galatians 3:18	For if the inheritance be of the law, it is no more of promise: but God gave it to Abraham by promise.
1 Samuel 1:8	Then said Elkanah her husband to her, Hannah, why weep you? and why eat you not? and why is your heart grieved? am not I better to you than ten sons?
1 Timothy 6:19	Laying up in store for themselves a good foundation against the time to come, that they may lay hold on eternal life.
1 Kings 7:32	And under the borders were four wheels; and the axletrees of the wheels were joined to the base: and the height of a wheel was a cubit and half a cubit.
1 Timothy 4:6	If you put the brothers in remembrance of these things, you shall be a good minister of Jesus Christ, nourished up in the words of faith and of good doctrine, whereunto you have attained.
Acts 27:43	But the centurion, willing to save Paul, kept them from their purpose; and commanded that they which could swim should cast themselves first into the sea, and get to land:
Revelation 3:15	I know your works, that you are neither cold nor hot: I would you were cold or hot.
Genesis 23:19	And after this, Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave of the field of Machpelah before Mamre: the same is Hebron in the land of Canaan.
Exodus 36:5	And they spoke to Moses, saying, The people bring much more than enough for the service of the work, which the LORD commanded to make.
Numbers 11:13	From where should I have flesh to give to all this people? for they weep to me, saying, Give us flesh, that we may eat.
1 Corinthians 15:28	And when all things shall be subdued to him, then shall the Son also himself be subject to him that put all things under him, that God may be all in all.
1 Corinthians 15:7	After that, he was seen of James; then of all the apostles.
Exodus 26:32	And you shall hang it on four pillars of shittim wood overlaid with gold: their hooks shall be of gold, on the four sockets of silver.
2 Samuel 15:4	Absalom said moreover, Oh that I were made judge in the land, that every man which has any suit or cause might come to me, and I would do him justice!
Ruth 2:12	The LORD recompense your work, and a full reward be given you of the LORD God of Israel, under whose wings you are come to trust.
1 Chronicles 23:18	Of the sons of Izhar; Shelomith the chief.
Judges 18:14	Then answered the five men that went to spy out the country of Laish, and said to their brothers, Do you know that there is in these houses an ephod, and teraphim, and a graven image, and a molten image? now therefore consider what you have to do.
Obadiah 1:10	For your violence against your brother Jacob shame shall cover you, and you shall be cut off for ever.
Matthew 27:7	And they took counsel, and bought with them the potter’s field, to bury strangers in.
Daniel 3:13	Then Nebuchadnezzar in his rage and fury commanded to bring Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. Then they brought these men before the king.
Genesis 9:25	And he said, Cursed be Canaan; a servant of servants shall he be to his brothers.
Ezekiel 10:16	And when the cherubim went, the wheels went by them: and when the cherubim lifted up their wings to mount up from the earth, the same wheels also turned not from beside them.
Ephesians 2:14	For he is our peace, who has made both one, and has broken down the middle wall of partition between us;
Leviticus 23:18	And you shall offer with the bread seven lambs without blemish of the first year, and one young bullock, and two rams: they shall be for a burnt offering to the LORD, with their meat offering, and their drink offerings, even an offering made by fire, of sweet smell to the LORD.
Song of Solomon 5:15	His legs are as pillars of marble, set on sockets of fine gold: his countenance is as Lebanon, excellent as the cedars.
Matthew 23:34	Why, behold, I send to you prophets, and wise men, and scribes: and some of them you shall kill and crucify; and some of them shall you whip in your synagogues, and persecute them from city to city:
Isaiah 58:13	If you turn away your foot from the sabbath, from doing your pleasure on my holy day; and call the sabbath a delight, the holy of the LORD, honorable; and shall honor him, not doing your own ways, nor finding your own pleasure, nor speaking your own words:
Genesis 18:7	And Abraham ran to the herd, and fetched a calf tender and good, and gave it to a young man; and he hurried to dress it.
Numbers 10:7	But when the congregation is to be gathered together, you shall blow, but you shall not sound an alarm.
Joshua 8:30	Then Joshua built an altar to the LORD God of Israel in mount Ebal,
Psalm 64:6	They search out iniquities; they accomplish a diligent search: both the inward thought of every one of them, and the heart, is deep.
Luke 1:7	And they had no child, because that Elisabeth was barren, and they both were now well stricken in years.
John 18:2	And Judas also, which betrayed him, knew the place: for Jesus often resorted thither with his disciples.
Ezra 4:19	And I commanded, and search has been made, and it is found that this city of old time has made insurrection against kings, and that rebellion and sedition have been made therein.
1 Timothy 6:11	But you, O man of God, flee these things; and follow after righteousness, godliness, faith, love, patience, meekness.
Genesis 26:9	And Abimelech called Isaac, and said, Behold, of a surety she is your wife; and how said you, She is my sister? And Isaac said to him, Because I said, Lest I die for her.
2 Chronicles 23:15	So they laid hands on her; and when she was come to the entering of the horse gate by the king’s house, they slew her there.
Ecclesiastes 10:3	Yes also, when he that is a fool walks by the way, his wisdom fails him, and he said to every one that he is a fool.
2 Samuel 19:29	And the king said to him, Why speak you any more of your matters? I have said, You and Ziba divide the land.
Ezra 8:33	Now on the fourth day was the silver and the gold and the vessels weighed in the house of our God by the hand of Meremoth the son of Uriah the priest; and with him was Eleazar the son of Phinehas; and with them was Jozabad the son of Jeshua, and Noadiah the son of Binnui, Levites;
Proverbs 31:23	Her husband is known in the gates, when he sits among the elders of the land.
Genesis 19:21	And he said to him, See, I have accepted you concerning this thing also, that I will not overthrow this city, for the which you have spoken.
Jeremiah 43:1	And it came to pass, that when Jeremiah had made an end of speaking to all the people all the words of the LORD their God, for which the LORD their God had sent him to them, even all these words,
Job 35:12	There they cry, but none gives answer, because of the pride of evil men.
James 4:10	Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord, and he shall lift you up.
Deuteronomy 32:30	How should one chase a thousand, and two put ten thousand to flight, except their Rock had sold them, and the LORD had shut them up?
Genesis 41:56	And the famine was over all the face of the earth: and Joseph opened all the storehouses, and sold to the Egyptians; and the famine waxed sore in the land of Egypt.
Jeremiah 51:8	Babylon is suddenly fallen and destroyed: howl for her; take balm for her pain, if so be she may be healed.
Proverbs 27:20	Hell and destruction are never full; so the eyes of man are never satisfied.
Ezekiel 33:5	He heard the sound of the trumpet, and took not warning; his blood shall be on him. But he that takes warning shall deliver his soul.
Proverbs 18:7	A fool’s mouth is his destruction, and his lips are the snare of his soul.
Psalm 52:4	You love all devouring words, O you deceitful tongue.
Ezekiel 33:18	When the righteous turns from his righteousness, and commits iniquity, he shall even die thereby.
Ezra 8:27	Also twenty basins of gold, of a thousand drams; and two vessels of fine copper, precious as gold.
Ezekiel 39:23	And the heathen shall know that the house of Israel went into captivity for their iniquity: because they trespassed against me, therefore hid I my face from them, and gave them into the hand of their enemies: so fell they all by the sword.
Jeremiah 5:5	I will get me to the great men, and will speak to them; for they have known the way of the LORD, and the judgment of their God: but these have altogether broken the yoke, and burst the bonds.
Genesis 31:3	And the LORD said to Jacob, Return to the land of your fathers, and to your kindred; and I will be with you.
Numbers 28:19	But you shall offer a sacrifice made by fire for a burnt offering to the LORD; two young bullocks, and one ram, and seven lambs of the first year: they shall be to you without blemish:
Psalm 98:7	Let the sea roar, and the fullness thereof; the world, and they that dwell therein.
Philippians 4:5	Let your moderation be known to all men. The Lord is at hand.
1 Kings 22:11	And Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah made him horns of iron: and he said, Thus said the LORD, With these shall you push the Syrians, until you have consumed them.
2 Samuel 12:21	Then said his servants to him, What thing is this that you have done? you did fast and weep for the child, while it was alive; but when the child was dead, you did rise and eat bread.
Acts 20:17	And from Miletus he sent to Ephesus, and called the elders of the church.
Proverbs 27:8	As a bird that wanders from her nest, so is a man that wanders from his place.
Deuteronomy 4:27	And the LORD shall scatter you among the nations, and you shall be left few in number among the heathen, where the LORD shall lead you.
1 Corinthians 2:5	That your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God.
Exodus 25:29	And you shall make the dishes thereof, and spoons thereof, and covers thereof, and bowls thereof, to cover with: of pure gold shall you make them.
Psalm 18:30	As for God, his way is perfect: the word of the LORD is tried: he is a buckler to all those that trust in him.
Judges 20:22	And the people the men of Israel encouraged themselves, and set their battle again in array in the place where they put themselves in array the first day.
Matthew 23:20	Whoever therefore shall swear by the altar, swears by it, and by all things thereon.
Numbers 12:5	And the LORD came down in the pillar of the cloud, and stood in the door of the tabernacle, and called Aaron and Miriam: and they both came forth.
Matthew 12:50	For whoever shall do the will of my Father which is in heaven, the same is my brother, and sister, and mother.
1 Chronicles 19:14	So Joab and the people that were with him drew near before the Syrians to the battle; and they fled before him.
Exodus 3:22	But every woman shall borrow of her neighbor, and of her that sojournes in her house, jewels of silver, and jewels of gold, and raiment: and you shall put them on your sons, and on your daughters; and you shall spoil the Egyptians.
2 Timothy 4:1	I charge you therefore before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing and his kingdom;
Acts 4:23	And being let go, they went to their own company, and reported all that the chief priests and elders had said to them.
1 Chronicles 6:13	And Shallum begat Hilkiah, and Hilkiah begat Azariah,
1 Samuel 16:2	And Samuel said, How can I go? if Saul hear it, he will kill me. And the LORD said, Take an heifer with you, and say, I am come to sacrifice to the LORD.
Numbers 7:63	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:
Job 15:27	Because he covers his face with his fatness, and makes bulges of fat on his flanks.
Psalm 26:3	For your loving kindness is before my eyes: and I have walked in your truth.
Leviticus 22:28	And whether it be cow, or ewe, you shall not kill it and her young both in one day.
Romans 11:30	For as you in times past have not believed God, yet have now obtained mercy through their unbelief:
Ezekiel 34:23	And I will set up one shepherd over them, and he shall feed them, even my servant David; he shall feed them, and he shall be their shepherd.
Deuteronomy 9:2	A people great and tall, the children of the Anakims, whom you know, and of whom you have heard say, Who can stand before the children of Anak!
Zechariah 1:6	But my words and my statutes, which I commanded my servants the prophets, did they not take hold of your fathers? and they returned and said, Like as the LORD of hosts thought to do to us, according to our ways, and according to our doings, so has he dealt with us.
Isaiah 50:10	Who is among you that fears the LORD, that obeys the voice of his servant, that walks in darkness, and has no light? let him trust in the name of the LORD, and stay on his God.
1 Corinthians 15:29	Else what shall they do which are baptized for the dead, if the dead rise not at all? why are they then baptized for the dead?
John 6:17	And entered into a ship, and went over the sea toward Capernaum. And it was now dark, and Jesus was not come to them.
Ezekiel 14:13	Son of man, when the land sins against me by trespassing grievously, then will I stretch out my hand on it, and will break the staff of the bread thereof, and will send famine on it, and will cut off man and beast from it:
2 Peter 3:15	And account that the long-suffering of our Lord is salvation; even as our beloved brother Paul also according to the wisdom given to him has written to you;
Ezekiel 16:14	And your renown went forth among the heathen for your beauty: for it was perfect through my comeliness, which I had put on you, said the Lord GOD.
1 John 1:7	But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleans us from all sin.
Acts 26:11	And I punished them oft in every synagogue, and compelled them to blaspheme; and being exceedingly mad against them, I persecuted them even to strange cities.
2 Chronicles 18:16	Then he said, I did see all Israel scattered on the mountains, as sheep that have no shepherd: and the LORD said, These have no master; let them return therefore every man to his house in peace.
Exodus 34:27	And the LORD said to Moses, Write you these words: for after the tenor of these words I have made a covenant with you and with Israel.
Colossians 1:28	Whom we preach, warning every man, and teaching every man in all wisdom; that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus:
Psalm 28:2	Hear the voice of my supplications, when I cry to you, when I lift up my hands toward your holy oracle.
Zechariah 5:5	Then the angel that talked with me went forth, and said to me, Lift up now your eyes, and see what is this that goes forth.
Ezekiel 37:13	And you shall know that I am the LORD, when I have opened your graves, O my people, and brought you up out of your graves,
Acts 6:13	And set up false witnesses, which said, This man ceases not to speak blasphemous words against this holy place, and the law:
Luke 1:41	And it came to pass, that, when Elisabeth heard the salutation of Mary, the babe leaped in her womb; and Elisabeth was filled with the Holy Ghost:
Genesis 12:9	And Abram journeyed, going on still toward the south.
1 Kings 20:24	And do this thing, Take the kings away, every man out of his place, and put captains in their rooms:
Acts 10:44	While Peter yet spoke these words, the Holy Ghost fell on all them which heard the word.
Leviticus 13:26	But if the priest look on it, and, behold, there be no white hair in the bright spot, and it be no lower than the other skin, but be somewhat dark; then the priest shall shut him up seven days:
Job 36:30	Behold, he spreads his light on it, and covers the bottom of the sea.
Genesis 31:4	And Jacob sent and called Rachel and Leah to the field to his flock,
Ezekiel 32:20	They shall fall in the middle of them that are slain by the sword: she is delivered to the sword: draw her and all her multitudes.
Genesis 7:13	In the selfsame day entered Noah, and Shem, and Ham, and Japheth, the sons of Noah, and Noah’s wife, and the three wives of his sons with them, into the ark;
2 Corinthians 10:14	For we stretch not ourselves beyond our measure, as though we reached not to you: for we are come as far as to you also in preaching the gospel of Christ:
Jeremiah 52:25	He took also out of the city an eunuch, which had the charge of the men of war; and seven men of them that were near the king’s person, which were found in the city; and the principal scribe of the host, who mustered the people of the land; and three score men of the people of the land, that were found in the middle of the city.
Revelation 20:13	And the sea gave up the dead which were in it; and death and hell delivered up the dead which were in them: and they were judged every man according to their works.
1 Kings 4:29	And God gave Solomon wisdom and understanding exceeding much, and largeness of heart, even as the sand that is on the sea shore.
Leviticus 25:54	And if he be not redeemed in these years, then he shall go out in the year of jubilee, both he, and his children with him.
Acts 28:15	And from there, when the brothers heard of us, they came to meet us as far as Appii forum, and The three taverns: whom when Paul saw, he thanked God, and took courage.
Psalm 139:16	Your eyes did see my substance, yet being imperfect; and in your book all my members were written, which in continuance were fashioned, when as yet there was none of them.
Psalm 2:7	I will declare the decree: the LORD has said to me, You are my Son; this day have I begotten you.
Ezekiel 26:5	It shall be a place for the spreading of nets in the middle of the sea: for I have spoken it, said the Lord GOD: and it shall become a spoil to the nations.
Psalm 91:12	They shall bear you up in their hands, lest you dash your foot against a stone.
Romans 4:2	For if Abraham were justified by works, he has whereof to glory; but not before God.
Isaiah 1:1	The vision of Isaiah the son of Amoz, which he saw concerning Judah and Jerusalem in the days of Uzziah, Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah.
Genesis 3:11	And he said, Who told you that you were naked? Have you eaten of the tree, whereof I commanded you that you should not eat?
Daniel 9:16	O LORD, according to all your righteousness, I beseech you, let your anger and your fury be turned away from your city Jerusalem, your holy mountain: because for our sins, and for the iniquities of our fathers, Jerusalem and your people are become a reproach to all that are about us.
Exodus 11:6	And there shall be a great cry throughout all the land of Egypt, such as there was none like it, nor shall be like it any more.
Exodus 23:27	I will send my fear before you, and will destroy all the people to whom you shall come, and I will make all your enemies turn their backs to you.
Matthew 20:23	And he said to them, You shall drink indeed of my cup, and be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with: but to sit on my right hand, and on my left, is not my to give, but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared of my Father.
Jeremiah 31:24	And there shall dwell in Judah itself, and in all the cities thereof together, farmers, and they that go forth with flocks.
Ezekiel 11:4	Therefore prophesy against them, prophesy, O son of man.
Proverbs 21:14	A gift in secret pacifies anger: and a reward in the bosom strong wrath.
Leviticus 14:15	And the priest shall take some of the log of oil, and pour it into the palm of his own left hand:
Acts 2:42	And they continued steadfastly in the apostles’ doctrine and fellowship, and in breaking of bread, and in prayers.
1 Samuel 14:22	Likewise all the men of Israel which had hid themselves in mount Ephraim, when they heard that the Philistines fled, even they also followed hard after them in the battle.
Luke 2:39	And when they had performed all things according to the law of the Lord, they returned into Galilee, to their own city Nazareth.
Acts 4:1	And as they spoke to the people, the priests, and the captain of the temple, and the Sadducees, came on them,
Mark 7:11	But you say, If a man shall say to his father or mother, It is Corban, that is to say, a gift, by whatever you might be profited by me; he shall be free.
2 Samuel 11:20	And if so be that the king’s wrath arise, and he say to you, Why approached you so near to the city when you did fight? knew you not that they would shoot from the wall?
Luke 9:16	Then he took the five loaves and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven, he blessed them, and broke, and gave to the disciples to set before the multitude.
Haggai 2:2	Speak now to Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, and to Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest, and to the residue of the people, saying,
Job 5:15	But he saves the poor from the sword, from their mouth, and from the hand of the mighty.
Philippians 3:3	For we are the circumcision, which worship God in the spirit, and rejoice in Christ Jesus, and have no confidence in the flesh.
1 Samuel 19:12	So Michal let David down through a window: and he went, and fled, and escaped.
2 Timothy 1:3	I thank God, whom I serve from my forefathers with pure conscience, that without ceasing I have remembrance of you in my prayers night and day;
Psalm 20:2	Send you help from the sanctuary, and strengthen you out of Zion;
1 Samuel 17:47	And all this assembly shall know that the LORD saves not with sword and spear: for the battle is the LORD’s, and he will give you into our hands.
Psalm 106:21	They forgot God their savior, which had done great things in Egypt;
Deuteronomy 1:43	So I spoke to you; and you would not hear, but rebelled against the commandment of the LORD, and went presumptuously up into the hill.
Matthew 14:2	And said to his servants, This is John the Baptist; he is risen from the dead; and therefore mighty works do show forth themselves in him.
1 Kings 16:7	And also by the hand of the prophet Jehu the son of Hanani came the word of the LORD against Baasha, and against his house, even for all the evil that he did in the sight of the LORD, in provoking him to anger with the work of his hands, in being like the house of Jeroboam; and because he killed him.
1 Chronicles 26:26	Which Shelomith and his brothers were over all the treasures of the dedicated things, which David the king, and the chief fathers, the captains over thousands and hundreds, and the captains of the host, had dedicated.
2 Corinthians 1:2	Grace be to you and peace from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.
Galatians 3:11	But that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God, it is evident: for, The just shall live by faith.
2 Kings 5:24	And when he came to the tower, he took them from their hand, and bestowed them in the house: and he let the men go, and they departed.
Psalm 147:10	He delights not in the strength of the horse: he takes not pleasure in the legs of a man.
Judges 2:20	And the anger of the LORD was hot against Israel; and he said, Because that this people has transgressed my covenant which I commanded their fathers, and have not listened to my voice;
Ezra 4:4	Then the people of the land weakened the hands of the people of Judah, and troubled them in building,
Matthew 14:16	But Jesus said to them, They need not depart; give you them to eat.
Matthew 27:54	Now when the centurion, and they that were with him, watching Jesus, saw the earthquake, and those things that were done, they feared greatly, saying, Truly this was the Son of God.
Joshua 21:35	Dimnah with her suburbs, Nahalal with her suburbs; four cities.
Numbers 22:26	And the angel of the LORD went further, and stood in a narrow place, where was no way to turn either to the right hand or to the left.
Exodus 2:23	And it came to pass in process of time, that the king of Egypt died: and the children of Israel sighed by reason of the bondage, and they cried, and their cry came up to God by reason of the bondage.
Nehemiah 11:10	Of the priests: Jedaiah the son of Joiarib, Jachin.
Ephesians 3:14	For this cause I bow my knees to the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ,
Matthew 5:2	And he opened his mouth, and taught them, saying,
1 Chronicles 9:15	And Bakbakkar, Heresh, and Galal, and Mattaniah the son of Micah, the son of Zichri, the son of Asaph;
Joel 2:11	And the LORD shall utter his voice before his army: for his camp is very great: for he is strong that executes his word: for the day of the LORD is great and very terrible; and who can abide it?
Romans 10:18	But I say, Have they not heard? Yes truly, their sound went into all the earth, and their words to the ends of the world.
Hebrews 3:11	So I swore in my wrath, They shall not enter into my rest.)
Hebrews 4:2	For to us was the gospel preached, as well as to them: but the word preached did not profit them, not being mixed with faith in them that heard it.
Galatians 3:25	But after that faith is come, we are no longer under a schoolmaster.
John 19:30	When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, It is finished: and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost.
2 Samuel 22:44	You also have delivered me from the strivings of my people, you have kept me to be head of the heathen: a people which I knew not shall serve me.
Acts 16:35	And when it was day, the magistrates sent the sergeants, saying, Let those men go.
Acts 17:8	And they troubled the people and the rulers of the city, when they heard these things.
Proverbs 21:29	A wicked man hardens his face: but as for the upright, he directs his way.
Genesis 1:25	And God made the beast of the earth after his kind, and cattle after their kind, and every thing that creeps on the earth after his kind: and God saw that it was good.
Ezekiel 46:22	In the four corners of the court there were courts joined of forty cubits long and thirty broad: these four corners were of one measure.
Exodus 9:11	And the magicians could not stand before Moses because of the boils; for the boil was on the magicians, and on all the Egyptians.
Genesis 49:24	But his bow stayed in strength, and the arms of his hands were made strong by the hands of the mighty God of Jacob; (from there is the shepherd, the stone of Israel:)
Numbers 36:3	And if they be married to any of the sons of the other tribes of the children of Israel, then shall their inheritance be taken from the inheritance of our fathers, and shall be put to the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they are received: so shall it be taken from the lot of our inheritance.
Mark 3:20	And the multitude comes together again, so that they could not so much as eat bread.
Luke 10:3	Go your ways: behold, I send you forth as lambs among wolves.
Jeremiah 51:59	The word which Jeremiah the prophet commanded Seraiah the son of Neriah, the son of Maaseiah, when he went with Zedekiah the king of Judah into Babylon in the fourth year of his reign. And this Seraiah was a quiet prince.
Zephaniah 2:4	For Gaza shall be forsaken, and Ashkelon a desolation: they shall drive out Ashdod at the noon day, and Ekron shall be rooted up.
Joshua 16:7	And it went down from Janohah to Ataroth, and to Naarath, and came to Jericho, and went out at Jordan.
1 Samuel 14:20	And Saul and all the people that were with him assembled themselves, and they came to the battle: and, behold, every man’s sword was against his fellow, and there was a very great discomfiture.
1 Chronicles 28:10	Take heed now; for the LORD has chosen you to build an house for the sanctuary: be strong, and do it.
Esther 5:7	Then answered Esther, and said, My petition and my request is;
Philippians 4:21	Salute every saint in Christ Jesus. The brothers which are with me greet you.
Luke 15:4	What man of you, having an hundred sheep, if he lose one of them, does not leave the ninety and nine in the wilderness, and go after that which is lost, until he find it?
Leviticus 14:21	And if he be poor, and cannot get so much; then he shall take one lamb for a trespass offering to be waved, to make an atonement for him, and one tenth deal of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering, and a log of oil;
Isaiah 54:9	For this is as the waters of Noah to me: for as I have sworn that the waters of Noah should no more go over the earth; so have I sworn that I would not be wroth with you, nor rebuke you.
Luke 17:26	And as it was in the days of Noe, so shall it be also in the days of the Son of man.
1 Chronicles 9:2	Now the first inhabitants that dwelled in their possessions in their cities were, the Israelites, the priests, Levites, and the Nethinims.
Matthew 13:12	For whoever has, to him shall be given, and he shall have more abundance: but whoever has not, from him shall be taken away even that he has.
Genesis 13:6	And the land was not able to bear them, that they might dwell together: for their substance was great, so that they could not dwell together.
Ezekiel 20:37	And I will cause you to pass under the rod, and I will bring you into the bond of the covenant:
Matthew 27:57	When the even was come, there came a rich man of Arimathaea, named Joseph, who also himself was Jesus’ disciple:
Mark 15:31	Likewise also the chief priests mocking said among themselves with the scribes, He saved others; himself he cannot save.
Galatians 2:12	For before that certain came from James, he did eat with the Gentiles: but when they were come, he withdrew and separated himself, fearing them which were of the circumcision.
Numbers 27:2	And they stood before Moses, and before Eleazar the priest, and before the princes and all the congregation, by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, saying,
Psalm 34:3	O magnify the LORD with me, and let us exalt his name together.
Luke 1:78	Through the tender mercy of our God; whereby the dayspring from on high has visited us,
Ezekiel 12:10	Say you to them, Thus said the Lord GOD; This burden concerns the prince in Jerusalem, and all the house of Israel that are among them.
Leviticus 4:6	And the priest shall dip his finger in the blood, and sprinkle of the blood seven times before the LORD, before the veil of the sanctuary.
Genesis 43:25	And they made ready the present against Joseph came at noon: for they heard that they should eat bread there.
Luke 20:32	Last of all the woman died also.
Exodus 10:29	And Moses said, You have spoken well, I will see your face again no more.
Jeremiah 20:7	O LORD, you have deceived me, and I was deceived; you are stronger than I, and have prevailed: I am in derision daily, every one mocks me.
Matthew 7:20	Why by their fruits you shall know them.
Luke 23:36	And the soldiers also mocked him, coming to him, and offering him vinegar,
1 Chronicles 4:41	And these written by name came in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah, and smote their tents, and the habitations that were found there, and destroyed them utterly to this day, and dwelled in their rooms: because there was pasture there for their flocks.
2 John 1:6	And this is love, that we walk after his commandments. This is the commandment, That, as you have heard from the beginning, you should walk in it.
Psalm 27:7	Hear, O LORD, when I cry with my voice: have mercy also on me, and answer me.
Genesis 36:41	Duke Aholibamah, duke Elah, duke Pinon,
Genesis 4:5	But to Cain and to his offering he had not respect. And Cain was very wroth, and his countenance fell.
Leviticus 15:26	Every bed where on she lies all the days of her issue shall be to her as the bed of her separation: and whatever she sits on shall be unclean, as the uncleanness of her separation.
Deuteronomy 25:8	Then the elders of his city shall call him, and speak to him: and if he stand to it, and say, I like not to take her;
2 Samuel 2:1	And it came to pass after this, that David inquired of the LORD, saying, Shall I go up into any of the cities of Judah? And the LORD said to him, Go up. And David said, Where shall I go up? And he said, To Hebron.
Ecclesiastes 9:7	Go your way, eat your bread with joy, and drink your wine with a merry heart; for God now accepts your works.
Job 38:27	To satisfy the desolate and waste ground; and to cause the bud of the tender herb to spring forth?
Mark 15:40	There were also women looking on afar off: among whom was Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James the less and of Joses, and Salome;
2 Samuel 12:17	And the elders of his house arose, and went to him, to raise him up from the earth: but he would not, neither did he eat bread with them.
1 Timothy 5:20	Them that sin rebuke before all, that others also may fear.
John 21:1	After these things Jesus showed himself again to the disciples at the sea of Tiberias; and on this wise showed he himself.
Isaiah 42:13	The LORD shall go forth as a mighty man, he shall stir up jealousy like a man of war: he shall cry, yes, roar; he shall prevail against his enemies.
2 Peter 1:6	And to knowledge temperance; and to temperance patience; and to patience godliness;
1 Kings 11:10	And had commanded him concerning this thing, that he should not go after other gods: but he kept not that which the LORD commanded.
1 Samuel 22:20	And one of the sons of Ahimelech the son of Ahitub, named Abiathar, escaped, and fled after David.
Hebrews 6:12	That you be not slothful, but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises.
Exodus 37:2	And he overlaid it with pure gold within and without, and made a crown of gold to it round about.
Judges 1:34	And the Amorites forced the children of Dan into the mountain: for they would not suffer them to come down to the valley:
Matthew 26:37	And he took with him Peter and the two sons of Zebedee, and began to be sorrowful and very heavy.
Numbers 32:16	And they came near to him, and said, We will build sheepfolds here for our cattle, and cities for our little ones:
Proverbs 3:24	When you lie down, you shall not be afraid: yes, you shall lie down, and your sleep shall be sweet.
Psalm 81:16	He should have fed them also with the finest of the wheat: and with honey out of the rock should I have satisfied you.
Psalm 111:3	His work is honorable and glorious: and his righteousness endures for ever.
Genesis 37:33	And he knew it, and said, It is my son’s coat; an evil beast has devoured him; Joseph is without doubt rent in pieces.
Joshua 2:5	And it came to pass about the time of shutting of the gate, when it was dark, that the men went out: where the men went I know not: pursue after them quickly; for you shall overtake them.
Mark 14:61	But he held his peace, and answered nothing. Again the high priest asked him, and said to him, Are you the Christ, the Son of the Blessed?
Numbers 1:4	And with you there shall be a man of every tribe; every one head of the house of his fathers.
2 Chronicles 6:11	And in it have I put the ark, wherein is the covenant of the LORD, that he made with the children of Israel.
2 Samuel 9:9	Then the king called to Ziba, Saul’s servant, and said to him, I have given to your master’s son all that pertained to Saul and to all his house.
1 Kings 7:27	And he made ten bases of brass; four cubits was the length of one base, and four cubits the breadth thereof, and three cubits the height of it.
Job 24:25	And if it be not so now, who will make me a liar, and make my speech nothing worth?
Judges 15:9	Then the Philistines went up, and pitched in Judah, and spread themselves in Lehi.
Psalm 128:1	Blessed is every one that fears the LORD; that walks in his ways.
Psalm 99:8	You answered them, O LORD our God: you were a God that forgave them, though you took vengeance of their inventions.
Psalm 39:1	I said, I will take heed to my ways, that I sin not with my tongue: I will keep my mouth with a bridle, while the wicked is before me.
Isaiah 24:19	The earth is utterly broken down, the earth is clean dissolved, the earth is moved exceedingly.
2 Kings 3:24	And when they came to the camp of Israel, the Israelites rose up and smote the Moabites, so that they fled before them: but they went forward smiting the Moabites, even in their country.
Amos 2:4	Thus said the LORD; For three transgressions of Judah, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they have despised the law of the LORD, and have not kept his commandments, and their lies caused them to err, after the which their fathers have walked:
Psalm 135:6	Whatever the LORD pleased, that did he in heaven, and in earth, in the seas, and all deep places.
2 Kings 11:1	And when Athaliah the mother of Ahaziah saw that her son was dead, she arose and destroyed all the seed royal.
2 Samuel 10:8	And the children of Ammon came out, and put the battle in array at the entering in of the gate: and the Syrians of Zoba, and of Rehob, and Ishtob, and Maacah, were by themselves in the field.
Jeremiah 4:4	Circumcise yourselves to the LORD, and take away the foreskins of your heart, you men of Judah and inhabitants of Jerusalem: lest my fury come forth like fire, and burn that none can quench it, because of the evil of your doings.
Ephesians 4:1	I therefore, the prisoner of the Lord, beseech you that you walk worthy of the vocation with which you are called,
Romans 14:19	Let us therefore follow after the things which make for peace, and things with which one may edify another.
Proverbs 9:2	She has killed her beasts; she has mingled her wine; she has also furnished her table.
Exodus 22:13	If it be torn in pieces, then let him bring it for witness, and he shall not make good that which was torn.
Isaiah 29:5	Moreover the multitude of your strangers shall be like small dust, and the multitude of the terrible ones shall be as chaff that passes away: yes, it shall be at an instant suddenly.
Exodus 12:11	And thus shall you eat it; with your loins girded, your shoes on your feet, and your staff in your hand; and you shall eat it in haste: it is the LORD’s passover.
Genesis 5:18	And Jared lived an hundred sixty and two years, and he begat Enoch:
Romans 7:17	Now then it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwells in me.
1 Corinthians 8:2	And if any man think that he knows any thing, he knows nothing yet as he ought to know.
2 Chronicles 36:6	Against him came up Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and bound him in fetters, to carry him to Babylon.
Jeremiah 4:24	I beheld the mountains, and, see, they trembled, and all the hills moved lightly.
2 Corinthians 10:7	Do you look on things after the outward appearance? If any man trust to himself that he is Christ’s, let him of himself think this again, that, as he is Christ’s, even so are we Christ’s.
Romans 11:13	For I speak to you Gentiles, inasmuch as I am the apostle of the Gentiles, I magnify my office:
Job 20:16	He shall suck the poison of asps: the viper’s tongue shall slay him.
Isaiah 1:24	Therefore said the LORD, the LORD of hosts, the mighty One of Israel, Ah, I will ease me of my adversaries, and avenge me of my enemies:
Ezra 3:10	And when the builders laid the foundation of the temple of the LORD, they set the priests in their apparel with trumpets, and the Levites the sons of Asaph with cymbals, to praise the LORD, after the ordinance of David king of Israel.
Psalm 50:1	The mighty God, even the LORD, has spoken, and called the earth from the rising of the sun to the going down thereof.
Psalm 2:8	Ask of me, and I shall give you the heathen for your inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for your possession.
Hosea 6:1	Come, and let us return to the LORD: for he has torn, and he will heal us; he has smitten, and he will bind us up.
2 Chronicles 7:18	Then will I establish the throne of your kingdom, according as I have covenanted with David your father, saying, There shall not fail you a man to be ruler in Israel.
Deuteronomy 32:8	When the Most High divided to the nations their inheritance, when he separated the sons of Adam, he set the bounds of the people according to the number of the children of Israel.
Genesis 19:8	Behold now, I have two daughters which have not known man; let me, I pray you, bring them out to you, and do you to them as is good in your eyes: only to these men do nothing; for therefore came they under the shadow of my roof.
Psalm 116:8	For you have delivered my soul from death, my eyes from tears, and my feet from falling.
Zechariah 11:11	And it was broken in that day: and so the poor of the flock that waited on me knew that it was the word of the LORD.
Exodus 12:39	And they baked unleavened cakes of the dough which they brought forth out of Egypt, for it was not leavened; because they were thrust out of Egypt, and could not tarry, neither had they prepared for themselves any victual.
Amos 6:9	And it shall come to pass, if there remain ten men in one house, that they shall die.
1 Kings 9:19	And all the cities of store that Solomon had, and cities for his chariots, and cities for his horsemen, and that which Solomon desired to build in Jerusalem, and in Lebanon, and in all the land of his dominion.
Jeremiah 50:33	Thus said the LORD of hosts; The children of Israel and the children of Judah were oppressed together: and all that took them captives held them fast; they refused to let them go.
Ecclesiastes 8:14	There is a vanity which is done on the earth; that there be just men, to whom it happens according to the work of the wicked; again, there be wicked men, to whom it happens according to the work of the righteous: I said that this also is vanity.
Joshua 23:15	Therefore it shall come to pass, that as all good things are come on you, which the LORD your God promised you; so shall the LORD bring on you all evil things, until he have destroyed you from off this good land which the LORD your God has given you.
Daniel 6:17	And a stone was brought, and laid on the mouth of the den; and the king sealed it with his own signet, and with the signet of his lords; that the purpose might not be changed concerning Daniel.
2 Kings 24:4	And also for the innocent blood that he shed: for he filled Jerusalem with innocent blood; which the LORD would not pardon.
Proverbs 1:12	Let us swallow them up alive as the grave; and whole, as those that go down into the pit:
Judges 5:14	Out of Ephraim was there a root of them against Amalek; after you, Benjamin, among your people; out of Machir came down governors, and out of Zebulun they that handle the pen of the writer.
Luke 18:43	And immediately he received his sight, and followed him, glorifying God: and all the people, when they saw it, gave praise to God.
Ephesians 3:17	That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith; that you, being rooted and grounded in love,
Psalm 30:11	You have turned for me my mourning into dancing: you have put off my sackcloth, and girded me with gladness;
2 Timothy 2:2	And the things that you have heard of me among many witnesses, the same commit you to faithful men, who shall be able to teach others also.
Joshua 15:44	And Keilah, and Achzib, and Mareshah; nine cities with their villages:
Ezekiel 47:6	And he said to me, Son of man, have you seen this? Then he brought me, and caused me to return to the brink of the river.
Numbers 29:27	And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:
Judges 18:3	When they were by the house of Micah, they knew the voice of the young man the Levite: and they turned in thither, and said to him, Who brought you here? and what make you in this place? and what have you here?
Matthew 13:58	And he did not many mighty works there because of their unbelief.
Psalm 94:6	They slay the widow and the stranger, and murder the fatherless.
Matthew 6:31	Therefore take no thought, saying, What shall we eat? or, What shall we drink? or, Wherewithal shall we be clothed?
Zechariah 4:6	Then he answered and spoke to me, saying, This is the word of the LORD to Zerubbabel, saying, Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, said the LORD of hosts.
Jeremiah 39:8	And the Chaldeans burned the king’s house, and the houses of the people, with fire, and broke down the walls of Jerusalem.
Hosea 6:8	Gilead is a city of them that work iniquity, and is polluted with blood.
Matthew 14:21	And they that had eaten were about five thousand men, beside women and children.
1 Chronicles 16:20	And when they went from nation to nation, and from one kingdom to another people;
Philippians 4:2	I beseech Euodias, and beseech Syntyche, that they be of the same mind in the Lord.
Luke 22:25	And he said to them, The kings of the Gentiles exercise lordship over them; and they that exercise authority on them are called benefactors.
Jeremiah 9:11	And I will make Jerusalem heaps, and a den of dragons; and I will make the cities of Judah desolate, without an inhabitant.
Ecclesiastes 10:5	There is an evil which I have seen under the sun, as an error which proceeds from the ruler:
Psalm 118:21	I will praise you: for you have heard me, and are become my salvation.
Numbers 10:18	And the standard of the camp of Reuben set forward according to their armies: and over his host was Elizur the son of Shedeur.
Job 4:3	Behold, you have instructed many, and you have strengthened the weak hands.
Matthew 5:17	Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am not come to destroy, but to fulfill.
Joshua 3:16	That the waters which came down from above stood and rose up on an heap very far from the city Adam, that is beside Zaretan: and those that came down toward the sea of the plain, even the salt sea, failed, and were cut off: and the people passed over right against Jericho.
2 Chronicles 31:9	Then Hezekiah questioned with the priests and the Levites concerning the heaps.
Ezekiel 20:45	Moreover the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
1 Chronicles 2:37	And Zabad begat Ephlal, and Ephlal begat Obed,
Leviticus 15:33	And of her that is sick of her flowers, and of him that has an issue, of the man, and of the woman, and of him that lies with her that is unclean.
2 Kings 16:5	Then Rezin king of Syria and Pekah son of Remaliah king of Israel came up to Jerusalem to war: and they besieged Ahaz, but could not overcome him.
Revelation 21:11	Having the glory of God: and her light was like to a stone most precious, even like a jasper stone, clear as crystal;
Deuteronomy 19:4	And this is the case of the slayer, which shall flee thither, that he may live: Whoever kills his neighbor ignorantly, whom he hated not in time past;
Nehemiah 13:20	So the merchants and sellers of all kind of ware lodged without Jerusalem once or twice.
Leviticus 26:7	And you shall chase your enemies, and they shall fall before you by the sword.
Luke 13:9	And if it bear fruit, well: and if not, then after that you shall cut it down.
Ezekiel 16:18	And took your broidered garments, and covered them: and you have set my oil and my incense before them.
Leviticus 6:22	And the priest of his sons that is anointed in his stead shall offer it: it is a statute for ever to the LORD; it shall be wholly burnt.
1 Samuel 15:5	And Saul came to a city of Amalek, and laid wait in the valley.
Ephesians 5:28	So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies. He that loves his wife loves himself.
2 Samuel 8:17	And Zadok the son of Ahitub, and Ahimelech the son of Abiathar, were the priests; and Seraiah was the scribe;
Joshua 21:4	And the lot came out for the families of the Kohathites: and the children of Aaron the priest, which were of the Levites, had by lot out of the tribe of Judah, and out of the tribe of Simeon, and out of the tribe of Benjamin, thirteen cities.
1 Samuel 22:8	That all of you have conspired against me, and there is none that shows me that my son has made a league with the son of Jesse, and there is none of you that is sorry for me, or shows to me that my son has stirred up my servant against me, to lie in wait, as at this day?
Matthew 25:9	But the wise answered, saying, Not so; lest there be not enough for us and you: but go you rather to them that sell, and buy for yourselves.
1 Chronicles 11:4	And David and all Israel went to Jerusalem, which is Jebus; where the Jebusites were, the inhabitants of the land.
Esther 9:29	Then Esther the queen, the daughter of Abihail, and Mordecai the Jew, wrote with all authority, to confirm this second letter of Purim.
2 Timothy 3:11	Persecutions, afflictions, which came to me at Antioch, at Iconium, at Lystra; what persecutions I endured: but out of them all the Lord delivered me.
1 Timothy 3:7	Moreover he must have a good report of them which are without; lest he fall into reproach and the snare of the devil.
2 Kings 8:28	And he went with Joram the son of Ahab to the war against Hazael king of Syria in Ramothgilead; and the Syrians wounded Joram.
Ephesians 3:2	If you have heard of the dispensation of the grace of God which is given me to you-ward:
Luke 20:36	Neither can they die any more: for they are equal to the angels; and are the children of God, being the children of the resurrection.
Luke 19:23	Why then gave not you my money into the bank, that at my coming I might have required my own with usury?
Ezekiel 34:16	I will seek that which was lost, and bring again that which was driven away, and will bind up that which was broken, and will strengthen that which was sick: but I will destroy the fat and the strong; I will feed them with judgment.
Leviticus 16:28	And he that burns them shall wash his clothes, and bathe his flesh in water, and afterward he shall come into the camp.
Ephesians 5:4	Neither filthiness, nor foolish talking, nor jesting, which are not convenient: but rather giving of thanks.
Acts 16:3	Him would Paul have to go forth with him; and took and circumcised him because of the Jews which were in those quarters: for they knew all that his father was a Greek.
Leviticus 25:7	And for your cattle, and for the beast that are in your land, shall all the increase thereof be meat.
Deuteronomy 12:14	But in the place which the LORD shall choose in one of your tribes, there you shall offer your burnt offerings, and there you shall do all that I command you.
Psalm 18:33	He makes my feet like hinds’ feet, and sets me on my high places.
Acts 21:15	And after those days we took up our carriages, and went up to Jerusalem.
Proverbs 15:17	Better is a dinner of herbs where love is, than a stalled ox and hatred therewith.
Ezekiel 5:4	Then take of them again, and cast them into the middle of the fire, and burn them in the fire; for thereof shall a fire come forth into all the house of Israel.
Psalm 37:30	The mouth of the righteous speaks wisdom, and his tongue talks of judgment.
Deuteronomy 29:23	And that the whole land thereof is brimstone, and salt, and burning, that it is not sown, nor bears, nor any grass grows therein, like the overthrow of Sodom, and Gomorrah, Admah, and Zeboim, which the LORD overthrew in his anger, and in his wrath:
2 Chronicles 20:25	And when Jehoshaphat and his people came to take away the spoil of them, they found among them in abundance both riches with the dead bodies, and precious jewels, which they stripped off for themselves, more than they could carry away: and they were three days in gathering of the spoil, it was so much.
Proverbs 10:3	The LORD will not suffer the soul of the righteous to famish: but he casts away the substance of the wicked.
Esther 8:1	On that day did the king Ahasuerus give the house of Haman the Jews’ enemy to Esther the queen. And Mordecai came before the king; for Esther had told what he was to her.
Job 11:9	The measure thereof is longer than the earth, and broader than the sea.
Numbers 13:21	So they went up, and searched the land from the wilderness of Zin to Rehob, as men come to Hamath.
John 7:8	Go you up to this feast: I go not up yet to this feast: for my time is not yet full come.
Luke 15:27	And he said to him, Your brother is come; and your father has killed the fatted calf, because he has received him safe and sound.
Isaiah 41:4	Who has worked and done it, calling the generations from the beginning? I the LORD, the first, and with the last; I am he.
Psalm 72:14	He shall redeem their soul from deceit and violence: and precious shall their blood be in his sight.
1 Corinthians 1:21	For after that in the wisdom of God the world by wisdom knew not God, it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe.
Matthew 24:50	The lord of that servant shall come in a day when he looks not for him, and in an hour that he is not aware of,
Romans 3:10	As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one:
Mark 6:55	And ran through that whole region round about, and began to carry about in beds those that were sick, where they heard he was.
Jeremiah 26:16	Then said the princes and all the people to the priests and to the prophets; This man is not worthy to die: for he has spoken to us in the name of the LORD our God.
2 Chronicles 6:19	Have respect therefore to the prayer of your servant, and to his supplication, O LORD my God, to listen to the cry and the prayer which your servant prays before you:
Job 9:26	They are passed away as the swift ships: as the eagle that hastens to the prey.
Genesis 45:27	And they told him all the words of Joseph, which he had said to them: and when he saw the wagons which Joseph had sent to carry him, the spirit of Jacob their father revived:
Philippians 2:23	Him therefore I hope to send presently, so soon as I shall see how it will go with me.
2 Corinthians 13:7	Now I pray to God that you do no evil; not that we should appear approved, but that you should do that which is honest, though we be as reprobates.
Numbers 33:23	And they went from Kehelathah, and pitched in mount Shapher.
Deuteronomy 2:12	The Horims also dwelled in Seir beforetime; but the children of Esau succeeded them, when they had destroyed them from before them, and dwelled in their stead; as Israel did to the land of his possession, which the LORD gave to them.
Matthew 2:15	And was there until the death of Herod: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying, Out of Egypt have I called my son.
Ephesians 3:18	May be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth, and length, and depth, and height;
Deuteronomy 4:47	And they possessed his land, and the land of Og king of Bashan, two kings of the Amorites, which were on this side Jordan toward the sun rise;
James 2:16	And one of you say to them, Depart in peace, be you warmed and filled; notwithstanding you give them not those things which are needful to the body; what does it profit?
Matthew 5:48	Be you therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect.
Nehemiah 12:43	Also that day they offered great sacrifices, and rejoiced: for God had made them rejoice with great joy: the wives also and the children rejoiced: so that the joy of Jerusalem was heard even afar off.
Luke 11:10	For every one that asks receives; and he that seeks finds; and to him that knocks it shall be opened.
Jeremiah 49:31	Arise, get you up to the wealthy nation, that dwells without care, said the LORD, which have neither gates nor bars, which dwell alone.
Numbers 20:9	And Moses took the rod from before the LORD, as he commanded him.
Deuteronomy 16:18	Judges and officers shall you make you in all your gates, which the LORD your God gives you, throughout your tribes: and they shall judge the people with just judgment.
Acts 23:35	I will hear you, said he, when your accusers are also come. And he commanded him to be kept in Herod’s judgment hall.
Psalm 102:19	For he has looked down from the height of his sanctuary; from heaven did the LORD behold the earth;
Ezekiel 27:24	These were your merchants in all sorts of things, in blue clothes, and broidered work, and in chests of rich apparel, bound with cords, and made of cedar, among your merchandise.
2 Kings 14:17	And Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah lived after the death of Jehoash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel fifteen years.
Matthew 20:1	For the kingdom of heaven is like to a man that is an householder, which went out early in the morning to hire laborers into his vineyard.
1 Chronicles 13:7	And they carried the ark of God in a new cart out of the house of Abinadab: and Uzza and Ahio drove the cart.
Esther 9:30	And he sent the letters to all the Jews, to the hundred twenty and seven provinces of the kingdom of Ahasuerus, with words of peace and truth,
Psalm 91:5	You shall not be afraid for the terror by night; nor for the arrow that flies by day;
Ezekiel 18:16	Neither has oppressed any, has not withheld the pledge, neither has spoiled by violence, but has given his bread to the hungry, and has covered the naked with a garment,
Jeremiah 27:11	But the nations that bring their neck under the yoke of the king of Babylon, and serve him, those will I let remain still in their own land, said the LORD; and they shall till it, and dwell therein.
Joshua 2:14	And the men answered her, Our life for yours, if you utter not this our business. And it shall be, when the LORD has given us the land, that we will deal kindly and truly with you.
Jeremiah 32:39	And I will give them one heart, and one way, that they may fear me for ever, for the good of them, and of their children after them:
1 Corinthians 2:12	Now we have received, not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God; that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God.
Daniel 7:21	I beheld, and the same horn made war with the saints, and prevailed against them;
Exodus 13:4	This day came you out in the month Abib.
Job 40:12	Look on every one that is proud, and bring him low; and tread down the wicked in their place.
Mark 11:25	And when you stand praying, forgive, if you have ought against any: that your Father also which is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses.
Deuteronomy 11:30	Are they not on the other side Jordan, by the way where the sun goes down, in the land of the Canaanites, which dwell in the desert over against Gilgal, beside the plains of Moreh?
Lamentations 2:5	The LORD was as an enemy: he has swallowed up Israel, he has swallowed up all her palaces: he has destroyed his strong holds, and has increased in the daughter of Judah mourning and lamentation.
Daniel 5:9	Then was king Belshazzar greatly troubled, and his countenance was changed in him, and his lords were astonished.
Genesis 45:17	And Pharaoh said to Joseph, Say to your brothers, This do you; lade your beasts, and go, get you to the land of Canaan;
Genesis 10:23	And the children of Aram; Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Mash.
Genesis 16:8	And he said, Hagar, Sarai’s maid, from where came you? and where will you go? And she said, I flee from the face of my mistress Sarai.
Numbers 30:8	But if her husband disallowed her on the day that he heard it; then he shall make her vow which she vowed, and that which she uttered with her lips, with which she bound her soul, of none effect: and the LORD shall forgive her.
2 Kings 5:19	And he said to him, Go in peace. So he departed from him a little way.
Exodus 33:6	And the children of Israel stripped themselves of their ornaments by the mount Horeb.
Judges 20:6	And I took my concubine, and cut her in pieces, and sent her throughout all the country of the inheritance of Israel: for they have committed lewdness and folly in Israel.
Matthew 9:37	Then said he to his disciples, The harvest truly is plenteous, but the laborers are few;
1 Chronicles 27:25	And over the king’s treasures was Azmaveth the son of Adiel: and over the storehouses in the fields, in the cities, and in the villages, and in the castles, was Jehonathan the son of Uzziah:
Numbers 23:26	But Balaam answered and said to Balak, Told not I you, saying, All that the LORD speaks, that I must do?
Jeremiah 46:25	The LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, said; Behold, I will punish the multitude of No, and Pharaoh, and Egypt, with their gods, and their kings; even Pharaoh, and all them that trust in him:
Leviticus 10:18	Behold, the blood of it was not brought in within the holy place: you should indeed have eaten it in the holy place, as I commanded.
Nehemiah 2:9	Then I came to the governors beyond the river, and gave them the king’s letters. Now the king had sent captains of the army and horsemen with me.
Deuteronomy 11:1	Therefore you shall love the LORD your God, and keep his charge, and his statutes, and his judgments, and his commandments, always.
Judges 14:3	Then his father and his mother said to him, Is there never a woman among the daughters of your brothers, or among all my people, that you go to take a wife of the uncircumcised Philistines? And Samson said to his father, Get her for me; for she pleases me well.
Leviticus 5:7	And if he be not able to bring a lamb, then he shall bring for his trespass, which he has committed, two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, to the LORD; one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering.
1 Chronicles 11:21	Of the three, he was more honorable than the two; for he was their captain: however, he attained not to the first three.
Luke 12:23	The life is more than meat, and the body is more than raiment.
Proverbs 29:20	See you a man that is hasty in his words? there is more hope of a fool than of him.
Nehemiah 11:36	And of the Levites were divisions in Judah, and in Benjamin.
Job 14:2	He comes forth like a flower, and is cut down: he flees also as a shadow, and continues not.
Ezekiel 4:6	And when you have accomplished them, lie again on your right side, and you shall bear the iniquity of the house of Judah forty days: I have appointed you each day for a year.
Acts 9:1	And Saul, yet breathing out threatenings and slaughter against the disciples of the Lord, went to the high priest,
Numbers 16:46	And Moses said to Aaron, Take a censer, and put fire therein from off the altar, and put on incense, and go quickly to the congregation, and make an atonement for them: for there is wrath gone out from the LORD; the plague is begun.
Exodus 12:4	And if the household be too little for the lamb, let him and his neighbor next to his house take it according to the number of the souls; every man according to his eating shall make your count for the lamb.
Ezekiel 24:22	And you shall do as I have done: you shall not cover your lips, nor eat the bread of men.
Proverbs 8:36	But he that sins against me wrongs his own soul: all they that hate me love death.
Joshua 10:3	Why Adonizedec king of Jerusalem, sent to Hoham king of Hebron, and to Piram king of Jarmuth, and to Japhia king of Lachish, and to Debir king of Eglon, saying,
Job 3:1	After this opened Job his mouth, and cursed his day.
John 11:27	She said to him, Yes, Lord: I believe that you are the Christ, the Son of God, which should come into the world.
Matthew 5:47	And if you salute your brothers only, what do you more than others? do not even the publicans so?
Luke 20:14	But when the farmers saw him, they reasoned among themselves, saying, This is the heir: come, let us kill him, that the inheritance may be ours.
Proverbs 12:4	A virtuous woman is a crown to her husband: but she that makes ashamed is as rottenness in his bones.
Isaiah 14:28	In the year that king Ahaz died was this burden.
Genesis 45:23	And to his father he sent after this manner; ten asses laden with the good things of Egypt, and ten she asses laden with corn and bread and meat for his father by the way.
Psalm 7:17	I will praise the LORD according to his righteousness: and will sing praise to the name of the LORD most high.
2 Samuel 22:34	He makes my feet like hinds’ feet: and sets me on my high places.
Psalm 74:1	O God, why have you cast us off for ever? why does your anger smoke against the sheep of your pasture?
Isaiah 14:15	Yet you shall be brought down to hell, to the sides of the pit.
2 Samuel 23:24	Asahel the brother of Joab was one of the thirty; Elhanan the son of Dodo of Bethlehem,
2 Chronicles 26:19	Then Uzziah was wroth, and had a censer in his hand to burn incense: and while he was wroth with the priests, the leprosy even rose up in his forehead before the priests in the house of the LORD, from beside the incense altar.
Daniel 3:18	But if not, be it known to you, O king, that we will not serve your gods, nor worship the golden image which you have set up.
Acts 21:11	And when he was come to us, he took Paul’s girdle, and bound his own hands and feet, and said, Thus said the Holy Ghost, So shall the Jews at Jerusalem bind the man that ownes this girdle, and shall deliver him into the hands of the Gentiles.
2 Kings 13:8	Now the rest of the acts of Jehoahaz, and all that he did, and his might, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
Job 34:24	He shall break in pieces mighty men without number, and set others in their stead.
2 Chronicles 32:32	Now the rest of the acts of Hezekiah, and his goodness, behold, they are written in the vision of Isaiah the prophet, the son of Amoz, and in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.
Psalm 69:12	They that sit in the gate speak against me; and I was the song of the drunkards.
2 Chronicles 24:18	And they left the house of the LORD God of their fathers, and served groves and idols: and wrath came on Judah and Jerusalem for this their trespass.
Isaiah 39:5	Then said Isaiah to Hezekiah, Hear the word of the LORD of hosts:
John 8:20	These words spoke Jesus in the treasury, as he taught in the temple: and no man laid hands on him; for his hour was not yet come.
Psalm 135:9	Who sent tokens and wonders into the middle of you, O Egypt, on Pharaoh, and on all his servants.
Numbers 34:22	And the prince of the tribe of the children of Dan, Bukki the son of Jogli.
John 5:28	Marvel not at this: for the hour is coming, in the which all that are in the graves shall hear his voice,
Proverbs 24:2	For their heart studies destruction, and their lips talk of mischief.
Matthew 10:39	He that finds his life shall lose it: and he that loses his life for my sake shall find it.
Acts 21:7	And when we had finished our course from Tyre, we came to Ptolemais, and saluted the brothers, and stayed with them one day.
Leviticus 7:15	And the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace offerings for thanksgiving shall be eaten the same day that it is offered; he shall not leave any of it until the morning.
Luke 3:37	Which was the son of Mathusala, which was the son of Enoch, which was the son of Jared, which was the son of Maleleel, which was the son of Cainan,
1 Samuel 9:27	And as they were going down to the end of the city, Samuel said to Saul, Bid the servant pass on before us, (and he passed on), but stand you still a while, that I may show you the word of God.
Jeremiah 29:19	Because they have not listened to my words, said the LORD, which I sent to them by my servants the prophets, rising up early and sending them; but you would not hear, said the LORD.
2 Kings 5:25	But he went in, and stood before his master. And Elisha said to him, From where come you, Gehazi? And he said, Your servant went no where.
Isaiah 57:13	When you cry, let your companies deliver you; but the wind shall carry them all away; vanity shall take them: but he that puts his trust in me shall possess the land, and shall inherit my holy mountain;
Mark 14:43	And immediately, while he yet spoke, comes Judas, one of the twelve, and with him a great multitude with swords and staves, from the chief priests and the scribes and the elders.
Psalm 87:7	As well the singers as the players on instruments shall be there: all my springs are in you.
Exodus 16:16	This is the thing which the LORD has commanded, Gather of it every man according to his eating, an omer for every man, according to the number of your persons; take you every man for them which are in his tents.
1 Chronicles 11:14	And they set themselves in the middle of that parcel, and delivered it, and slew the Philistines; and the LORD saved them by a great deliverance.
Psalm 89:18	For the LORD is our defense; and the Holy One of Israel is our king.
Leviticus 13:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses and Aaron, saying,
Psalm 74:10	O God, how long shall the adversary reproach? shall the enemy blaspheme your name for ever?
1 Samuel 18:7	And the women answered one another as they played, and said, Saul has slain his thousands, and David his ten thousands.
Psalm 69:11	I made sackcloth also my garment; and I became a proverb to them.
Joshua 3:6	And Joshua spoke to the priests, saying, Take up the ark of the covenant, and pass over before the people. And they took up the ark of the covenant, and went before the people.
Zechariah 8:7	Thus said the LORD of hosts; Behold, I will save my people from the east country, and from the west country;
Deuteronomy 28:36	The LORD shall bring you, and your king which you shall set over you, to a nation which neither you nor your fathers have known; and there shall you serve other gods, wood and stone.
Leviticus 8:2	Take Aaron and his sons with him, and the garments, and the anointing oil, and a bullock for the sin offering, and two rams, and a basket of unleavened bread;
Daniel 3:26	Then Nebuchadnezzar came near to the mouth of the burning fiery furnace, and spoke, and said, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, you servants of the most high God, come forth, and come here. Then Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, came forth of the middle of the fire.
Daniel 12:10	Many shall be purified, and made white, and tried; but the wicked shall do wickedly: and none of the wicked shall understand; but the wise shall understand.
John 5:31	If I bear witness of myself, my witness is not true.
Exodus 39:41	The cloths of service to do service in the holy place, and the holy garments for Aaron the priest, and his sons’ garments, to minister in the priest’s office.
Jeremiah 49:9	If grape gatherers come to you, would they not leave some gleaning grapes? if thieves by night, they will destroy till they have enough.
Jude 1:6	And the angels which kept not their first estate, but left their own habitation, he has reserved in everlasting chains under darkness to the judgment of the great day.
Genesis 25:26	And after that came his brother out, and his hand took hold on Esau’s heel; and his name was called Jacob: and Isaac was three score years old when she bore them.
Matthew 7:25	And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat on that house; and it fell not: for it was founded on a rock.
Leviticus 4:31	And he shall take away all the fat thereof, as the fat is taken away from off the sacrifice of peace offerings; and the priest shall burn it on the altar for a sweet smell to the LORD; and the priest shall make an atonement for him, and it shall be forgiven him.
Job 39:4	Their young ones are in good liking, they grow up with corn; they go forth, and return not to them.
Psalm 150:3	Praise him with the sound of the trumpet: praise him with the psaltery and harp.
2 Samuel 3:39	And I am this day weak, though anointed king; and these men the sons of Zeruiah be too hard for me: the LORD shall reward the doer of evil according to his wickedness.
Psalm 61:6	You will prolong the king’s life: and his years as many generations.
Acts 4:27	For of a truth against your holy child Jesus, whom you have anointed, both Herod, and Pontius Pilate, with the Gentiles, and the people of Israel, were gathered together,
Mark 10:51	And Jesus answered and said to him, What will you that I should do to you? The blind man said to him, Lord, that I might receive my sight.
Genesis 23:2	And Sarah died in Kirjatharba; the same is Hebron in the land of Canaan: and Abraham came to mourn for Sarah, and to weep for her.
Mark 14:68	But he denied, saying, I know not, neither understand I what you say. And he went out into the porch; and the cock crew.
1 Chronicles 4:32	And their villages were, Etam, and Ain, Rimmon, and Tochen, and Ashan, five cities:
Matthew 15:18	But those things which proceed out of the mouth come forth from the heart; and they defile the man.
Isaiah 44:24	Thus said the LORD, your redeemer, and he that formed you from the womb, I am the LORD that makes all things; that stretches forth the heavens alone; that spreads abroad the earth by myself;
Exodus 39:19	And they made two rings of gold, and put them on the two ends of the breastplate, on the border of it, which was on the side of the ephod inward.
Proverbs 24:31	And, see, it was all grown over with thorns, and nettles had covered the face thereof, and the stone wall thereof was broken down.
Proverbs 26:27	Whoever digs a pit shall fall therein: and he that rolls a stone, it will return on him.
Exodus 3:8	And I am come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians, and to bring them up out of that land to a good land and a large, to a land flowing with milk and honey; to the place of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites.
1 Kings 2:4	That the LORD may continue his word which he spoke concerning me, saying, If your children take heed to their way, to walk before me in truth with all their heart and with all their soul, there shall not fail you (said he) a man on the throne of Israel.
Nehemiah 10:21	Meshezabeel, Zadok, Jaddua,
Ezekiel 43:9	Now let them put away their prostitution, and the carcasses of their kings, far from me, and I will dwell in the middle of them for ever.
2 Thessalonians 3:8	Neither did we eat any man’s bread for nothing; but worked with labor and travail night and day, that we might not be chargeable to any of you:
Numbers 7:68	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:
Psalm 42:9	I will say to God my rock, Why have you forgotten me? why go I mourning because of the oppression of the enemy?
Philippians 4:14	Notwithstanding you have well done, that you did communicate with my affliction.
Esther 2:7	And he brought up Hadassah, that is, Esther, his uncle’s daughter: for she had neither father nor mother, and the maid was fair and beautiful; whom Mordecai, when her father and mother were dead, took for his own daughter.
Numbers 3:28	In the number of all the males, from a month old and upward, were eight thousand and six hundred, keeping the charge of the sanctuary.
1 Samuel 5:4	And when they arose early on the morrow morning, behold, Dagon was fallen on his face to the ground before the ark of the LORD; and the head of Dagon and both the palms of his hands were cut off on the threshold; only the stump of Dagon was left to him.
Jeremiah 17:15	Behold, they say to me, Where is the word of the LORD? let it come now.
1 Samuel 20:23	And as touching the matter which you and I have spoken of, behold, the LORD be between you and me for ever.
Hebrews 5:9	And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation to all them that obey him;
Habakkuk 2:7	Shall they not rise up suddenly that shall bite you, and awake that shall vex you, and you shall be for booties to them?
Joshua 8:13	And when they had set the people, even all the host that was on the north of the city, and their liers in wait on the west of the city, Joshua went that night into the middle of the valley.
Revelation 17:5	And on her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH.
Haggai 1:4	Is it time for you, O you, to dwell in your paneled houses, and this house lie waste?
1 Chronicles 6:20	Of Gershom; Libni his son, Jahath his son, Zimmah his son,
2 Samuel 10:2	Then said David, I will show kindness to Hanun the son of Nahash, as his father showed kindness to me. And David sent to comfort him by the hand of his servants for his father. And David’s servants came into the land of the children of Ammon.
Proverbs 1:18	And they lay wait for their own blood; they lurk privately for their own lives.
1 Chronicles 21:26	And David built there an altar to the LORD, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings, and called on the LORD; and he answered him from heaven by fire on the altar of burnt offering.
Colossians 3:12	Put on therefore, as the elect of God, holy and beloved, bowels of mercies, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, long-suffering;
Luke 18:24	And when Jesus saw that he was very sorrowful, he said, How hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of God!
2 Samuel 22:19	They prevented me in the day of my calamity: but the LORD was my stay.
Proverbs 17:10	A reproof enters more into a wise man than an hundred stripes into a fool.
Nehemiah 6:3	And I sent messengers to them, saying, I am doing a great work, so that I cannot come down: why should the work cease, whilst I leave it, and come down to you?
Numbers 20:27	And Moses did as the LORD commanded: and they went up into mount Hor in the sight of all the congregation.
Ezekiel 7:10	Behold the day, behold, it is come: the morning is gone forth; the rod has blossomed, pride has budded.
2 Kings 13:21	And it came to pass, as they were burying a man, that, behold, they spied a band of men; and they cast the man into the sepulcher of Elisha: and when the man was let down, and touched the bones of Elisha, he revived, and stood up on his feet.
Proverbs 6:31	But if he be found, he shall restore sevenfold; he shall give all the substance of his house.
Psalm 140:3	They have sharpened their tongues like a serpent; adders’ poison is under their lips. Selah.
Numbers 28:8	And the other lamb shall you offer at even: as the meat offering of the morning, and as the drink offering thereof, you shall offer it, a sacrifice made by fire, of a sweet smell to the LORD.
2 Chronicles 7:2	And the priests could not enter into the house of the LORD, because the glory of the LORD had filled the LORD’s house.
Song of Solomon 4:5	Your two breasts are like two young roes that are twins, which feed among the lilies.
1 Kings 7:1	But Solomon was building his own house thirteen years, and he finished all his house.
Leviticus 21:15	Neither shall he profane his seed among his people: for I the LORD do sanctify him.
Acts 8:13	Then Simon himself believed also: and when he was baptized, he continued with Philip, and wondered, beholding the miracles and signs which were done.
Exodus 35:29	The children of Israel brought a willing offering to the LORD, every man and woman, whose heart made them willing to bring for all manner of work, which the LORD had commanded to be made by the hand of Moses.
Ezekiel 27:8	The inhabitants of Zidon and Arvad were your mariners: your wise men, O Tyrus, that were in you, were your pilots.
Joshua 8:19	And the ambush arose quickly out of their place, and they ran as soon as he had stretched out his hand: and they entered into the city, and took it, and hurried and set the city on fire.
Philippians 1:13	So that my bonds in Christ are manifest in all the palace, and in all other places;
Exodus 10:6	And they shall fill your houses, and the houses of all your servants, and the houses of all the Egyptians; which neither your fathers, nor your fathers’ fathers have seen, since the day that they were on the earth to this day. And he turned himself, and went out from Pharaoh.
Zechariah 6:6	The black horses which are therein go forth into the north country; and the white go forth after them; and the spotted go forth toward the south country.
Psalm 27:4	One thing have I desired of the LORD, that will I seek after; that I may dwell in the house of the LORD all the days of my life, to behold the beauty of the LORD, and to inquire in his temple.
Matthew 11:4	Jesus answered and said to them, Go and show John again those things which you do hear and see:
Job 3:9	Let the stars of the twilight thereof be dark; let it look for light, but have none; neither let it see the dawning of the day:
Acts 2:45	And sold their possessions and goods, and parted them to all men, as every man had need.
Psalm 66:16	Come and hear, all you that fear God, and I will declare what he has done for my soul.
Psalm 149:4	For the LORD takes pleasure in his people: he will beautify the meek with salvation.
Psalm 52:6	The righteous also shall see, and fear, and shall laugh at him:
Psalm 137:6	If I do not remember you, let my tongue stick to the roof of my mouth; if I prefer not Jerusalem above my chief joy.
Revelation 21:27	And there shall in no wise enter into it any thing that defiles, neither whatever works abomination, or makes a lie: but they which are written in the Lamb’s book of life.
1 Samuel 30:16	And when he had brought him down, behold, they were spread abroad on all the earth, eating and drinking, and dancing, because of all the great spoil that they had taken out of the land of the Philistines, and out of the land of Judah.
Luke 3:13	And he said to them, Exact no more than that which is appointed you.
Luke 19:7	And when they saw it, they all murmured, saying, That he was gone to be guest with a man that is a sinner.
2 Kings 10:17	And when he came to Samaria, he slew all that remained to Ahab in Samaria, till he had destroyed him, according to the saying of the LORD, which he spoke to Elijah.
1 Chronicles 11:10	These also are the chief of the mighty men whom David had, who strengthened themselves with him in his kingdom, and with all Israel, to make him king, according to the word of the LORD concerning Israel.
Isaiah 27:8	In measure, when it shoots forth, you will debate with it: he stays his rough wind in the day of the east wind.
Psalm 108:9	Moab is my wash pot; over Edom will I cast out my shoe; over Philistia will I triumph.
2 John 1:1	The elder to the elect lady and her children, whom I love in the truth; and not I only, but also all they that have known the truth;
Psalm 106:10	And he saved them from the hand of him that hated them, and redeemed them from the hand of the enemy.
Nehemiah 7:28	The men of Bethazmaveth, forty and two.
Exodus 6:15	And the sons of Simeon; Jemuel, and Jamin, and Ohad, and Jachin, and Zohar, and Shaul the son of a Canaanitish woman: these are the families of Simeon.
2 Samuel 17:16	Now therefore send quickly, and tell David, saying, Lodge not this night in the plains of the wilderness, but speedily pass over; lest the king be swallowed up, and all the people that are with him.
Ecclesiastes 7:10	Say not you, What is the cause that the former days were better than these? for you do not inquire wisely concerning this.
Ezekiel 33:3	If when he sees the sword come on the land, he blow the trumpet, and warn the people;
Proverbs 19:18	Chasten your son while there is hope, and let not your soul spare for his crying.
Acts 4:18	And they called them, and commanded them not to speak at all nor teach in the name of Jesus.
Daniel 6:10	Now when Daniel knew that the writing was signed, he went into his house; and his windows being open in his chamber toward Jerusalem, he kneeled on his knees three times a day, and prayed, and gave thanks before his God, as he did aforetime.
Leviticus 27:28	Notwithstanding no devoted thing, that a man shall devote to the LORD of all that he has, both of man and beast, and of the field of his possession, shall be sold or redeemed: every devoted thing is most holy to the LORD.
Job 8:13	So are the paths of all that forget God; and the hypocrite’s hope shall perish:
Zechariah 1:21	Then said I, What come these to do? And he spoke, saying, These are the horns which have scattered Judah, so that no man did lift up his head: but these are come to fray them, to cast out the horns of the Gentiles, which lifted up their horn over the land of Judah to scatter it.
John 10:30	I and my Father are one.
Judges 4:17	However, Sisera fled away on his feet to the tent of Jael the wife of Heber the Kenite: for there was peace between Jabin the king of Hazor and the house of Heber the Kenite.
Daniel 3:29	Therefore I make a decree, That every people, nation, and language, which speak any thing amiss against the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, shall be cut in pieces, and their houses shall be made a dunghill: because there is no other God that can deliver after this sort.
Jeremiah 16:13	Therefore will I cast you out of this land into a land that you know not, neither you nor your fathers; and there shall you serve other gods day and night; where I will not show you favor.
Leviticus 11:24	And for these you shall be unclean: whoever touches the carcass of them shall be unclean until the even.
2 Chronicles 4:12	To wit, the two pillars, and the pommels, and the capitals which were on the top of the two pillars, and the two wreaths to cover the two pommels of the capitals which were on the top of the pillars;
Acts 21:10	And as we tarried there many days, there came down from Judaea a certain prophet, named Agabus.
Amos 9:2	Though they dig into hell, there shall my hand take them; though they climb up to heaven, there will I bring them down:
2 Samuel 24:12	Go and say to David, Thus said the LORD, I offer you three things; choose you one of them, that I may do it to you.
2 Chronicles 36:15	And the LORD God of their fathers sent to them by his messengers, rising up betimes, and sending; because he had compassion on his people, and on his dwelling place:
Mark 7:8	For laying aside the commandment of God, you hold the tradition of men, as the washing of pots and cups: and many other such like things you do.
Psalm 73:14	For all the day long have I been plagued, and chastened every morning.
2 Corinthians 5:11	Knowing therefore the terror of the Lord, we persuade men; but we are made manifest to God; and I trust also are made manifest in your consciences.
Deuteronomy 31:1	And Moses went and spoke these words to all Israel.
1 Kings 13:34	And this thing became sin to the house of Jeroboam, even to cut it off, and to destroy it from off the face of the earth.
Genesis 25:33	And Jacob said, Swear to me this day; and he swore to him: and he sold his birthright to Jacob.
2 Kings 1:9	Then the king sent to him a captain of fifty with his fifty. And he went up to him: and, behold, he sat on the top of an hill. And he spoke to him, You man of God, the king has said, Come down.
Titus 1:3	But has in due times manifested his word through preaching, which is committed to me according to the commandment of God our Savior;
Matthew 22:21	They say to him, Caesar’s. Then said he to them, Render therefore to Caesar the things which are Caesar’s; and to God the things that are God’s.
1 John 4:11	Beloved, if God so loved us, we ought also to love one another.
Deuteronomy 5:27	Go you near, and hear all that the LORD our God shall say: and speak you to us all that the LORD our God shall speak to you; and we will hear it, and do it.
Proverbs 25:12	As an earring of gold, and an ornament of fine gold, so is a wise reprover on an obedient ear.
Isaiah 55:7	Let the wicked forsake his way, and the unrighteous man his thoughts: and let him return to the LORD, and he will have mercy on him; and to our God, for he will abundantly pardon.
2 Chronicles 34:3	For in the eighth year of his reign, while he was yet young, he began to seek after the God of David his father: and in the twelfth year he began to purge Judah and Jerusalem from the high places, and the groves, and the carved images, and the molten images.
Nehemiah 10:14	The chief of the people; Parosh, Pahathmoab, Elam, Zatthu, Bani,
Genesis 31:17	Then Jacob rose up, and set his sons and his wives on camels;
2 Chronicles 31:17	Both to the genealogy of the priests by the house of their fathers, and the Levites from twenty years old and upward, in their charges by their courses;
1 Corinthians 12:29	Are all apostles? are all prophets? are all teachers? are all workers of miracles?
John 5:17	But Jesus answered them, My Father works till now, and I work.
1 Kings 1:2	Why his servants said to him, Let there be sought for my lord the king a young virgin: and let her stand before the king, and let her cherish him, and let her lie in your bosom, that my lord the king may get heat.
Amos 7:14	Then answered Amos, and said to Amaziah, I was no prophet, neither was I a prophet’s son; but I was an herdsman, and a gatherer of sycomore fruit:
1 Chronicles 16:16	Even of the covenant which he made with Abraham, and of his oath to Isaac;
Job 9:28	I am afraid of all my sorrows, I know that you will not hold me innocent.
2 Kings 17:29	However, every nation made gods of their own, and put them in the houses of the high places which the Samaritans had made, every nation in their cities wherein they dwelled.
1 Samuel 28:14	And he said to her, What form is he of? And she said, An old man comes up; and he is covered with a mantle. And Saul perceived that it was Samuel, and he stooped with his face to the ground, and bowed himself.
Proverbs 22:3	A prudent man foresees the evil, and hides himself: but the simple pass on, and are punished.
1 Kings 11:40	Solomon sought therefore to kill Jeroboam. And Jeroboam arose, and fled into Egypt, to Shishak king of Egypt, and was in Egypt until the death of Solomon.
1 Samuel 9:19	And Samuel answered Saul, and said, I am the seer: go up before me to the high place; for you shall eat with me to day, and to morrow I will let you go, and will tell you all that is in your heart.
Exodus 23:10	And six years you shall sow your land, and shall gather in the fruits thereof:
2 Chronicles 17:7	Also in the third year of his reign he sent to his princes, even to Benhail, and to Obadiah, and to Zechariah, and to Nethaneel, and to Michaiah, to teach in the cities of Judah.
Genesis 25:14	And Mishma, and Dumah, and Massa,
Genesis 20:6	And God said to him in a dream, Yes, I know that you did this in the integrity of your heart; for I also withheld you from sinning against me: therefore suffered I you not to touch her.
Deuteronomy 11:23	Then will the LORD drive out all these nations from before you, and you shall possess greater nations and mightier than yourselves.
Deuteronomy 34:12	And in all that mighty hand, and in all the great terror which Moses showed in the sight of all Israel.
Hosea 3:3	And I said to her, You shall abide for me many days; you shall not play the harlot, and you shall not be for another man: so will I also be for you.
Judges 5:16	Why stayed you among the sheepfolds, to hear the bleatings of the flocks? For the divisions of Reuben there were great searchings of heart.
Judges 4:13	And Sisera gathered together all his chariots, even nine hundred chariots of iron, and all the people that were with him, from Harosheth of the Gentiles to the river of Kishon.
Proverbs 30:31	A greyhound; an he goat also; and a king, against whom there is no rising up.
Ecclesiastes 8:17	Then I beheld all the work of God, that a man cannot find out the work that is done under the sun: because though a man labor to seek it out, yet he shall not find it; yes farther; though a wise man think to know it, yet shall he not be able to find it.
Ezra 4:16	We certify the king that, if this city be built again, and the walls thereof set up, by this means you shall have no portion on this side the river.
Judges 19:30	And it was so, that all that saw it said, There was no such deed done nor seen from the day that the children of Israel came up out of the land of Egypt to this day: consider of it, take advice, and speak your minds.
Ezekiel 14:16	Though these three men were in it, as I live, said the Lord GOD, they shall deliver neither sons nor daughters; they only shall be delivered, but the land shall be desolate.
Jeremiah 50:45	Therefore hear you the counsel of the LORD, that he has taken against Babylon; and his purposes, that he has purposed against the land of the Chaldeans: Surely the least of the flock shall draw them out: surely he shall make their habitation desolate with them.
Ezekiel 38:9	You shall ascend and come like a storm, you shall be like a cloud to cover the land, you, and all your bands, and many people with you.
Genesis 44:33	Now therefore, I pray you, let your servant abide instead of the lad a slave to my lord; and let the lad go up with his brothers.
Ezekiel 44:27	And in the day that he goes into the sanctuary, to the inner court, to minister in the sanctuary, he shall offer his sin offering, said the Lord GOD.
Exodus 38:15	And for the other side of the court gate, on this hand and that hand, were hangings of fifteen cubits; their pillars three, and their sockets three.
Ephesians 2:15	Having abolished in his flesh the enmity, even the law of commandments contained in ordinances; for to make in himself of two one new man, so making peace;
Genesis 41:51	And Joseph called the name of the firstborn Manasseh: For God, said he, has made me forget all my toil, and all my father’s house.
Genesis 18:22	And the men turned their faces from there, and went toward Sodom: but Abraham stood yet before the LORD.
Genesis 21:16	And she went, and sat her down over against him a good way off, as it were a bow shot: for she said, Let me not see the death of the child. And she sat over against him, and lift up her voice, and wept.
Numbers 23:12	And he answered and said, Must I not take heed to speak that which the LORD has put in my mouth?
Isaiah 44:5	One shall say, I am the LORD’s; and another shall call himself by the name of Jacob; and another shall subscribe with his hand to the LORD, and surname himself by the name of Israel.
Micah 4:13	Arise and thresh, O daughter of Zion: for I will make your horn iron, and I will make your hoofs brass: and you shall beat in pieces many people: and I will consecrate their gain to the LORD, and their substance to the Lord of the whole earth.
2 Samuel 2:27	And Joab said, As God lives, unless you had spoken, surely then in the morning the people had gone up every one from following his brother.
Daniel 7:11	I beheld then because of the voice of the great words which the horn spoke: I beheld even till the beast was slain, and his body destroyed, and given to the burning flame.
Jeremiah 50:20	In those days, and in that time, said the LORD, the iniquity of Israel shall be sought for, and there shall be none; and the sins of Judah, and they shall not be found: for I will pardon them whom I reserve.
2 Kings 12:9	But Jehoiada the priest took a chest, and bored a hole in the lid of it, and set it beside the altar, on the right side as one comes into the house of the LORD: and the priests that kept the door put therein all the money that was brought into the house of the LORD.
Deuteronomy 5:4	The LORD talked with you face to face in the mount out of the middle of the fire,
Psalm 119:43	And take not the word of truth utterly out of my mouth; for I have hoped in your judgments.
Job 1:16	While he was yet speaking, there came also another, and said, The fire of God is fallen from heaven, and has burned up the sheep, and the servants, and consumed them; and I only am escaped alone to tell you.
Acts 22:23	And as they cried out, and cast off their clothes, and threw dust into the air,
Psalm 89:35	Once have I sworn by my holiness that I will not lie to David.
Revelation 2:28	And I will give him the morning star.
Psalm 73:1	Truly God is good to Israel, even to such as are of a clean heart.
Genesis 31:16	For all the riches which God has taken from our father, that is ours, and our children’s: now then, whatever God has said to you, do.
2 Chronicles 32:13	Know you not what I and my fathers have done to all the people of other lands? were the gods of the nations of those lands any ways able to deliver their lands out of my hand?
Psalm 144:14	That our oxen may be strong to labor; that there be no breaking in, nor going out; that there be no complaining in our streets.
Job 12:5	He that is ready to slip with his feet is as a lamp despised in the thought of him that is at ease.
Luke 12:42	And the Lord said, Who then is that faithful and wise steward, whom his lord shall make ruler over his household, to give them their portion of meat in due season?
Ecclesiastes 8:6	Because to every purpose there is time and judgment, therefore the misery of man is great on him.
Psalm 132:11	The LORD has sworn in truth to David; he will not turn from it; Of the fruit of your body will I set on your throne.
Numbers 13:30	And Caleb stilled the people before Moses, and said, Let us go up at once, and possess it; for we are well able to overcome it.
Judges 13:3	And the angel of the LORD appeared to the woman, and said to her, Behold now, you are barren, and bore not: but you shall conceive, and bear a son.
1 Corinthians 15:32	If after the manner of men I have fought with beasts at Ephesus, what advantages it me, if the dead rise not? let us eat and drink; for to morrow we die.
Psalm 136:12	With a strong hand, and with a stretched out arm: for his mercy endures for ever.
2 Chronicles 5:2	Then Solomon assembled the elders of Israel, and all the heads of the tribes, the chief of the fathers of the children of Israel, to Jerusalem, to bring up the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of the city of David, which is Zion.
Jeremiah 1:5	Before I formed you in the belly I knew you; and before you came forth out of the womb I sanctified you, and I ordained you a prophet to the nations.
Mark 10:41	And when the ten heard it, they began to be much displeased with James and John.
Genesis 40:8	And they said to him, We have dreamed a dream, and there is no interpreter of it. And Joseph said to them, Do not interpretations belong to God? tell me them, I pray you.
Exodus 39:29	And a girdle of fine twined linen, and blue, and purple, and scarlet, of needlework; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Lamentations 3:42	We have transgressed and have rebelled: you have not pardoned.
James 2:8	If you fulfill the royal law according to the scripture, You shall love your neighbor as yourself, you do well:
Leviticus 14:7	And he shall sprinkle on him that is to be cleansed from the leprosy seven times, and shall pronounce him clean, and shall let the living bird loose into the open field.
Exodus 32:20	And he took the calf which they had made, and burnt it in the fire, and ground it to powder, and strewed it on the water, and made the children of Israel drink of it.
Numbers 16:44	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
2 Kings 22:18	But to the king of Judah which sent you to inquire of the LORD, thus shall you say to him, Thus said the LORD God of Israel, As touching the words which you have heard;
Ezekiel 12:12	And the prince that is among them shall bear on his shoulder in the twilight, and shall go forth: they shall dig through the wall to carry out thereby: he shall cover his face, that he see not the ground with his eyes.
Psalm 116:19	In the courts of the LORD’s house, in the middle of you, O Jerusalem. Praise you the LORD.
Genesis 27:24	And he said, Are you my very son Esau? And he said, I am.
Judges 9:51	But there was a strong tower within the city, and thither fled all the men and women, and all they of the city, and shut it to them, and got them up to the top of the tower.
Psalm 73:18	Surely you did set them in slippery places: you cast them down into destruction.
Exodus 1:18	And the king of Egypt called for the midwives, and said to them, Why have you done this thing, and have saved the men children alive?
Judges 16:28	And Samson called to the LORD, and said, O Lord God, remember me, I pray you, and strengthen me, I pray you, only this once, O God, that I may be at once avenged of the Philistines for my two eyes.
1 Thessalonians 1:7	So that you were ensamples to all that believe in Macedonia and Achaia.
Lamentations 2:1	How has the LORD covered the daughter of Zion with a cloud in his anger, and cast down from heaven to the earth the beauty of Israel, and remembered not his footstool in the day of his anger!
Isaiah 17:10	Because you have forgotten the God of your salvation, and have not been mindful of the rock of your strength, therefore shall you plant pleasant plants, and shall set it with strange slips:
Acts 18:6	And when they opposed themselves, and blasphemed, he shook his raiment, and said to them, Your blood be on your own heads; I am clean; from now on I will go to the Gentiles.
1 Samuel 13:10	And it came to pass, that as soon as he had made an end of offering the burnt offering, behold, Samuel came; and Saul went out to meet him, that he might salute him.
Joshua 11:17	Even from the mount Halak, that goes up to Seir, even to Baalgad in the valley of Lebanon under mount Hermon: and all their kings he took, and smote them, and slew them.
Song of Solomon 5:1	I am come into my garden, my sister, my spouse: I have gathered my myrrh with my spice; I have eaten my honeycomb with my honey; I have drunk my wine with my milk: eat, O friends; drink, yes, drink abundantly, O beloved.
1 Samuel 25:9	And when David’s young men came, they spoke to Nabal according to all those words in the name of David, and ceased.
Deuteronomy 4:21	Furthermore the LORD was angry with me for your sakes, and swore that I should not go over Jordan, and that I should not go in to that good land, which the LORD your God gives you for an inheritance:
Joel 2:28	And it shall come to pass afterward, that I will pour out my spirit on all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions:
Ezekiel 3:16	And it came to pass at the end of seven days, that the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
1 Samuel 20:7	If he say thus, It is well; your servant shall have peace: but if he be very wroth, then be sure that evil is determined by him.
2 Kings 4:32	And when Elisha was come into the house, behold, the child was dead, and laid on his bed.
Revelation 8:9	And the third part of the creatures which were in the sea, and had life, died; and the third part of the ships were destroyed.
Matthew 25:19	After a long time the lord of those servants comes, and reckons with them.
Psalm 20:1	The LORD hear you in the day of trouble; the name of the God of Jacob defend you;
Hebrews 2:11	For both he that sanctifies and they who are sanctified are all of one: for which cause he is not ashamed to call them brothers,
Acts 26:30	And when he had thus spoken, the king rose up, and the governor, and Bernice, and they that sat with them:
Deuteronomy 8:11	Beware that you forget not the LORD your God, in not keeping his commandments, and his judgments, and his statutes, which I command you this day:
John 6:60	Many therefore of his disciples, when they had heard this, said, This is an hard saying; who can hear it?
Hosea 9:11	As for Ephraim, their glory shall fly away like a bird, from the birth, and from the womb, and from the conception.
Ezekiel 22:2	Now, you son of man, will you judge, will you judge the bloody city? yes, you shall show her all her abominations.
Amos 1:14	But I will kindle a fire in the wall of Rabbah, and it shall devour the palaces thereof, with shouting in the day of battle, with a tempest in the day of the whirlwind:
Judges 8:16	And he took the elders of the city, and thorns of the wilderness and briers, and with them he taught the men of Succoth.
Matthew 16:7	And they reasoned among themselves, saying, It is because we have taken no bread.
Leviticus 13:2	When a man shall have in the skin of his flesh a rising, a scab, or bright spot, and it be in the skin of his flesh like the plague of leprosy; then he shall be brought to Aaron the priest, or to one of his sons the priests:
Psalm 139:2	You know my sitting down and my rising up, you understand my thought afar off.
Job 16:6	Though I speak, my grief is not assuaged: and though I forbear, what am I eased?
1 Kings 17:9	Arise, get you to Zarephath, which belongs to Zidon, and dwell there: behold, I have commanded a widow woman there to sustain you.
Exodus 35:1	And Moses gathered all the congregation of the children of Israel together, and said to them, These are the words which the LORD has commanded, that you should do them.
Leviticus 6:10	And the priest shall put on his linen garment, and his linen breeches shall he put on his flesh, and take up the ashes which the fire has consumed with the burnt offering on the altar, and he shall put them beside the altar.
Acts 5:41	And they departed from the presence of the council, rejoicing that they were counted worthy to suffer shame for his name.
Ezekiel 24:13	In your filthiness is lewdness: because I have purged you, and you were not purged, you shall not be purged from your filthiness any more, till I have caused my fury to rest on you.
Genesis 9:6	Whoever sheds man’s blood, by man shall his blood be shed: for in the image of God made he man.
Genesis 24:4	But you shall go to my country, and to my kindred, and take a wife to my son Isaac.
1 Samuel 14:47	So Saul took the kingdom over Israel, and fought against all his enemies on every side, against Moab, and against the children of Ammon, and against Edom, and against the kings of Zobah, and against the Philistines: and wherever he turned himself, he vexed them.
Numbers 15:8	And when you prepare a bullock for a burnt offering, or for a sacrifice in performing a vow, or peace offerings to the LORD:
Genesis 15:2	And Abram said, LORD God, what will you give me, seeing I go childless, and the steward of my house is this Eliezer of Damascus?
Numbers 18:3	And they shall keep your charge, and the charge of all the tabernacle: only they shall not come near the vessels of the sanctuary and the altar, that neither they, nor you also, die.
Ecclesiastes 10:17	Blessed are you, O land, when your king is the son of nobles, and your princes eat in due season, for strength, and not for drunkenness!
1 Kings 1:22	And, see, while she yet talked with the king, Nathan the prophet also came in.
Jeremiah 51:39	In their heat I will make their feasts, and I will make them drunken, that they may rejoice, and sleep a perpetual sleep, and not wake, said the LORD.
Ezekiel 40:11	And he measured the breadth of the entry of the gate, ten cubits; and the length of the gate, thirteen cubits.
Psalm 136:9	The moon and stars to rule by night: for his mercy endures for ever.
2 Samuel 14:4	And when the woman of Tekoah spoke to the king, she fell on her face to the ground, and did obeisance, and said, Help, O king.
Exodus 25:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
2 Kings 10:12	And he arose and departed, and came to Samaria. And as he was at the shearing house in the way,
Matthew 22:38	This is the first and great commandment.
2 Samuel 15:7	And it came to pass after forty years, that Absalom said to the king, I pray you, let me go and pay my vow, which I have vowed to the LORD, in Hebron.
Jeremiah 32:6	And Jeremiah said, The word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Romans 11:36	For of him, and through him, and to him, are all things: to whom be glory for ever. Amen.
1 Kings 6:29	And he carved all the walls of the house round about with carved figures of cherubim and palm trees and open flowers, within and without.
Ruth 3:5	And she said to her, All that you say to me I will do.
Jeremiah 2:13	For my people have committed two evils; they have forsaken me the fountain of living waters, and hewed them out cisterns, broken cisterns, that can hold no water.
Deuteronomy 32:52	Yet you shall see the land before you; but you shall not go thither to the land which I give the children of Israel.
Deuteronomy 5:19	Neither shall you steal.
Job 10:21	Before I go from where I shall not return, even to the land of darkness and the shadow of death;
Psalm 68:25	The singers went before, the players on instruments followed after; among them were the damsels playing with tambourines.
Ezekiel 7:14	They have blown the trumpet, even to make all ready; but none goes to the battle: for my wrath is on all the multitude thereof.
Joshua 9:2	That they gathered themselves together, to fight with Joshua and with Israel, with one accord.
Proverbs 16:27	An ungodly man digs up evil: and in his lips there is as a burning fire.
Exodus 32:34	Therefore now go, lead the people to the place of which I have spoken to you: behold, my Angel shall go before you: nevertheless in the day when I visit I will visit their sin on them.
Ezekiel 48:30	And these are the goings out of the city on the north side, four thousand and five hundred measures.
Acts 15:19	Why my sentence is, that we trouble not them, which from among the Gentiles are turned to God:
Leviticus 13:40	And the man whose hair is fallen off his head, he is bald; yet is he clean.
Luke 13:27	But he shall say, I tell you, I know you not from where you are; depart from me, all you workers of iniquity.
John 9:1	And as Jesus passed by, he saw a man which was blind from his birth.
Numbers 26:50	These are the families of Naphtali according to their families: and they that were numbered of them were forty and five thousand and four hundred.
Luke 19:13	And he called his ten servants, and delivered them ten pounds, and said to them, Occupy till I come.
John 20:16	Jesus said to her, Mary. She turned herself, and said to him, Rabboni; which is to say, Master.
Deuteronomy 31:7	And Moses called to Joshua, and said to him in the sight of all Israel, Be strong and of a good courage: for you must go with this people to the land which the LORD has sworn to their fathers to give them; and you shall cause them to inherit it.
2 Thessalonians 3:15	Yet count him not as an enemy, but admonish him as a brother.
Luke 17:11	And it came to pass, as he went to Jerusalem, that he passed through the middle of Samaria and Galilee.
Genesis 27:34	And when Esau heard the words of his father, he cried with a great and exceeding bitter cry, and said to his father, Bless me, even me also, O my father.
Isaiah 3:20	The bonnets, and the ornaments of the legs, and the headbands, and the tablets, and the earrings,
Micah 1:9	For her wound is incurable; for it is come to Judah; he is come to the gate of my people, even to Jerusalem.
Exodus 4:14	And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Moses, and he said, Is not Aaron the Levite your brother? I know that he can speak well. And also, behold, he comes forth to meet you: and when he sees you, he will be glad in his heart.
Proverbs 31:9	Open your mouth, judge righteously, and plead the cause of the poor and needy.
Romans 11:20	Well; because of unbelief they were broken off, and you stand by faith. Be not high minded, but fear:
Exodus 16:10	And it came to pass, as Aaron spoke to the whole congregation of the children of Israel, that they looked toward the wilderness, and, behold, the glory of the LORD appeared in the cloud.
Psalm 57:10	For your mercy is great to the heavens, and your truth to the clouds.
2 Chronicles 7:20	Then will I pluck them up by the roots out of my land which I have given them; and this house, which I have sanctified for my name, will I cast out of my sight, and will make it to be a proverb and a byword among all nations.
Jeremiah 31:5	You shall yet plant vines on the mountains of Samaria: the planters shall plant, and shall eat them as common things.
Jeremiah 34:21	And Zedekiah king of Judah and his princes will I give into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of them that seek their life, and into the hand of the king of Babylon’s army, which are gone up from you.
Habakkuk 1:9	They shall come all for violence: their faces shall sup up as the east wind, and they shall gather the captivity as the sand.
2 Corinthians 3:1	Do we begin again to commend ourselves? or need we, as some others, letters of commendation to you, or letters of commendation from you?
Job 16:12	I was at ease, but he has broken me asunder: he has also taken me by my neck, and shaken me to pieces, and set me up for his mark.
Luke 23:48	And all the people that came together to that sight, beholding the things which were done, smote their breasts, and returned.
Matthew 19:4	And he answered and said to them, Have you not read, that he which made them at the beginning made them male and female,
Leviticus 11:43	You shall not make yourselves abominable with any creeping thing that creeps, neither shall you make yourselves unclean with them, that you should be defiled thereby.
Ezekiel 32:5	And I will lay your flesh on the mountains, and fill the valleys with your height.
John 16:2	They shall put you out of the synagogues: yes, the time comes, that whoever kills you will think that he does God service.
Matthew 27:3	Then Judas, which had betrayed him, when he saw that he was condemned, repented himself, and brought again the thirty pieces of silver to the chief priests and elders,
Numbers 12:13	And Moses cried to the LORD, saying, Heal her now, O God, I beseech you.
Jeremiah 5:20	Declare this in the house of Jacob, and publish it in Judah, saying,
Luke 18:11	The Pharisee stood and prayed thus with himself, God, I thank you, that I am not as other men are, extortionists, unjust, adulterers, or even as this publican.
Acts 22:15	For you shall be his witness to all men of what you have seen and heard.
Exodus 23:19	The first of the first fruits of your land you shall bring into the house of the LORD your God. You shall not seethe a kid in his mother’s milk.
Acts 24:2	And when he was called forth, Tertullus began to accuse him, saying, Seeing that by you we enjoy great quietness, and that very worthy deeds are done to this nation by your providence,
Ezekiel 16:9	Then washed I you with water; yes, I thoroughly washed away your blood from you, and I anointed you with oil.
Genesis 42:37	And Reuben spoke to his father, saying, Slay my two sons, if I bring him not to you: deliver him into my hand, and I will bring him to you again.
Nehemiah 2:11	So I came to Jerusalem, and was there three days.
Psalm 34:4	I sought the LORD, and he heard me, and delivered me from all my fears.
Judges 4:23	So God subdued on that day Jabin the king of Canaan before the children of Israel.
Acts 21:3	Now when we had discovered Cyprus, we left it on the left hand, and sailed into Syria, and landed at Tyre: for there the ship was to unlade her burden.
Deuteronomy 4:46	On this side Jordan, in the valley over against Bethpeor, in the land of Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwelled at Heshbon, whom Moses and the children of Israel smote, after they were come forth out of Egypt:
Daniel 6:24	And the king commanded, and they brought those men which had accused Daniel, and they cast them into the den of lions, them, their children, and their wives; and the lions had the mastery of them, and broke all their bones in pieces or ever they came at the bottom of the den.
Exodus 35:12	The ark, and the staves thereof, with the mercy seat, and the veil of the covering,
Ezekiel 41:20	From the ground to above the door were cherubim and palm trees made, and on the wall of the temple.
Matthew 1:4	And Aram begat Aminadab; and Aminadab begat Naasson; and Naasson begat Salmon;
2 Kings 9:6	And he arose, and went into the house; and he poured the oil on his head, and said to him, Thus said the LORD God of Israel, I have anointed you king over the people of the LORD, even over Israel.
Colossians 1:2	To the saints and faithful brothers in Christ which are at Colosse: Grace be to you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Psalm 106:18	And a fire was kindled in their company; the flame burned up the wicked.
Deuteronomy 26:4	And the priest shall take the basket out of your hand, and set it down before the altar of the LORD your God.
1 Chronicles 14:12	And when they had left their gods there, David gave a commandment, and they were burned with fire.
Lamentations 3:44	You have covered yourself with a cloud, that our prayer should not pass through.
Malachi 1:10	Who is there even among you that would shut the doors for nothing? neither do you kindle fire on my altar for nothing. I have no pleasure in you, said the LORD of hosts, neither will I accept an offering at your hand.
Exodus 21:24	Eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot,
1 Samuel 8:14	And he will take your fields, and your vineyards, and your olive groves, even the best of them, and give them to his servants.
1 Chronicles 6:5	And Abishua begat Bukki, and Bukki begat Uzzi,
Numbers 19:9	And a man that is clean shall gather up the ashes of the heifer, and lay them up without the camp in a clean place, and it shall be kept for the congregation of the children of Israel for a water of separation: it is a purification for sin.
Deuteronomy 5:5	(I stood between the LORD and you at that time, to show you the word of the LORD: for you were afraid by reason of the fire, and went not up into the mount;) saying,
Galatians 2:6	But of these who seemed to be somewhat, (whatever they were, it makes no matter to me: God accepts no man’s person:) for they who seemed to be somewhat in conference added nothing to me:
1 Kings 9:20	And all the people that were left of the Amorites, Hittites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites, which were not of the children of Israel,
1 Corinthians 16:15	I beseech you, brothers, (you know the house of Stephanas, that it is the first fruits of Achaia, and that they have addicted themselves to the ministry of the saints,)
Ruth 3:13	Tarry this night, and it shall be in the morning, that if he will perform to you the part of a kinsman, well; let him do the kinsman’s part: but if he will not do the part of a kinsman to you, then will I do the part of a kinsman to you, as the LORD lives: lie down until the morning.
Genesis 10:9	He was a mighty hunter before the LORD: why it is said, Even as Nimrod the mighty hunter before the LORD.
Proverbs 7:2	Keep my commandments, and live; and my law as the apple of your eye.
Isaiah 46:4	And even to your old age I am he; and even to hoar hairs will I carry you: I have made, and I will bear; even I will carry, and will deliver you.
1 Chronicles 24:21	Concerning Rehabiah: of the sons of Rehabiah, the first was Isshiah.
1 Chronicles 23:29	Both for the show bread, and for the fine flour for meat offering, and for the unleavened cakes, and for that which is baked in the pan, and for that which is fried, and for all manner of measure and size;
Exodus 4:16	And he shall be your spokesman to the people: and he shall be, even he shall be to you instead of a mouth, and you shall be to him instead of God.
Job 38:16	Have you entered into the springs of the sea? or have you walked in the search of the depth?
Romans 3:3	For what if some did not believe? shall their unbelief make the faith of God without effect?
Nehemiah 12:28	And the sons of the singers gathered themselves together, both out of the plain country round about Jerusalem, and from the villages of Netophathi;
Joel 2:13	And rend your heart, and not your garments, and turn to the LORD your God: for he is gracious and merciful, slow to anger, and of great kindness, and repents him of the evil.
Matthew 13:5	Some fell on stony places, where they had not much earth: and immediately they sprung up, because they had no deepness of earth:
Proverbs 29:12	If a ruler listen to lies, all his servants are wicked.
Romans 7:1	Know you not, brothers, (for I speak to them that know the law,) how that the law has dominion over a man as long as he lives?
Micah 4:10	Be in pain, and labor to bring forth, O daughter of Zion, like a woman in travail: for now shall you go forth out of the city, and you shall dwell in the field, and you shall go even to Babylon; there shall you be delivered; there the LORD shall redeem you from the hand of your enemies.
2 Chronicles 25:13	But the soldiers of the army which Amaziah sent back, that they should not go with him to battle, fell on the cities of Judah, from Samaria even to Bethhoron, and smote three thousand of them, and took much spoil.
Leviticus 11:16	And the owl, and the night hawk, and the cuckow, and the hawk after his kind,
Deuteronomy 7:21	You shall not be affrighted at them: for the LORD your God is among you, a mighty God and terrible.
Matthew 21:24	And Jesus answered and said to them, I also will ask you one thing, which if you tell me, I in like wise will tell you by what authority I do these things.
Revelation 5:8	And when he had taken the book, the four beasts and four and twenty elders fell down before the Lamb, having every one of them harps, and golden vials full of odors, which are the prayers of saints.
Numbers 5:8	But if the man have no kinsman to recompense the trespass to, let the trespass be recompensed to the LORD, even to the priest; beside the ram of the atonement, whereby an atonement shall be made for him.
Romans 3:20	Therefore by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight: for by the law is the knowledge of sin.
Psalm 53:2	God looked down from heaven on the children of men, to see if there were any that did understand, that did seek God.
Luke 10:40	But Martha was encumbered about much serving, and came to him, and said, Lord, do you not care that my sister has left me to serve alone? bid her therefore that she help me.
Revelation 5:9	And they sung a new song, saying, You are worthy to take the book, and to open the seals thereof: for you were slain, and have redeemed us to God by your blood out of every kindred, and tongue, and people, and nation;
Deuteronomy 17:15	You shall in any wise set him king over you, whom the LORD your God shall choose: one from among your brothers shall you set king over you: you may not set a stranger over you, which is not your brother.
Luke 11:9	And I say to you, Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and you shall find; knock, and it shall be opened to you.
Acts 12:23	And immediately the angel of the Lord smote him, because he gave not God the glory: and he was eaten of worms, and gave up the ghost.
Jeremiah 31:16	Thus said the LORD; Refrain your voice from weeping, and your eyes from tears: for your work shall be rewarded, said the LORD; and they shall come again from the land of the enemy.
Luke 5:16	And he withdrew himself into the wilderness, and prayed.
Ezra 2:6	The children of Pahathmoab, of the children of Jeshua and Joab, two thousand eight hundred and twelve.
Acts 9:37	And it came to pass in those days, that she was sick, and died: whom when they had washed, they laid her in an upper chamber.
John 7:37	In the last day, that great day of the feast, Jesus stood and cried, saying, If any man thirst, let him come to me, and drink.
Job 39:19	Have you given the horse strength? have you clothed his neck with thunder?
Leviticus 16:33	And he shall make an atonement for the holy sanctuary, and he shall make an atonement for the tabernacle of the congregation, and for the altar, and he shall make an atonement for the priests, and for all the people of the congregation.
Numbers 34:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
1 Samuel 9:24	And the cook took up the shoulder, and that which was on it, and set it before Saul. And Samuel said, Behold that which is left! set it before you, and eat: for to this time has it been kept for you since I said, I have invited the people. So Saul did eat with Samuel that day.
Isaiah 19:4	And the Egyptians will I give over into the hand of a cruel lord; and a fierce king shall rule over them, said the Lord, the LORD of hosts.
Numbers 21:9	And Moses made a serpent of brass, and put it on a pole, and it came to pass, that if a serpent had bitten any man, when he beheld the serpent of brass, he lived.
Isaiah 35:10	And the ransomed of the LORD shall return, and come to Zion with songs and everlasting joy on their heads: they shall obtain joy and gladness, and sorrow and sighing shall flee away.
Luke 11:1	And it came to pass, that, as he was praying in a certain place, when he ceased, one of his disciples said to him, Lord, teach us to pray, as John also taught his disciples.
Luke 3:27	Which was the son of Joanna, which was the son of Rhesa, which was the son of Zorobabel, which was the son of Salathiel, which was the son of Neri,
2 Kings 13:25	And Jehoash the son of Jehoahaz took again out of the hand of Benhadad the son of Hazael the cities, which he had taken out of the hand of Jehoahaz his father by war. Three times did Joash beat him, and recovered the cities of Israel.
Numbers 9:2	Let the children of Israel also keep the passover at his appointed season.
John 19:10	Then said Pilate to him, Speak you not to me? know you not that I have power to crucify you, and have power to release you?
2 Samuel 5:24	And let it be, when you hear the sound of a going in the tops of the mulberry trees, that then you shall bestir yourself: for then shall the LORD go out before you, to smite the host of the Philistines.
Jeremiah 4:17	As keepers of a field, are they against her round about; because she has been rebellious against me, said the LORD.
Matthew 7:7	Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and you shall find; knock, and it shall be opened to you:
Matthew 5:13	You are the salt of the earth: but if the salt have lost his flavor, with which shall it be salted? it is thereafter good for nothing, but to be cast out, and to be trodden under foot of men.
2 Kings 7:19	And that lord answered the man of God, and said, Now, behold, if the LORD should make windows in heaven, might such a thing be? And he said, Behold, you shall see it with your eyes, but shall not eat thereof.
Isaiah 5:29	Their roaring shall be like a lion, they shall roar like young lions: yes, they shall roar, and lay hold of the prey, and shall carry it away safe, and none shall deliver it.
Joshua 13:3	From Sihor, which is before Egypt, even to the borders of Ekron northward, which is counted to the Canaanite: five lords of the Philistines; the Gazathites, and the Ashdothites, the Eshkalonites, the Gittites, and the Ekronites; also the Avites:
Psalm 104:34	My meditation of him shall be sweet: I will be glad in the LORD.
Psalm 80:12	Why have you then broken down her hedges, so that all they which pass by the way do pluck her?
2 Samuel 2:25	And the children of Benjamin gathered themselves together after Abner, and became one troop, and stood on the top of an hill.
Joshua 12:19	The king of Madon, one; the king of Hazor, one;
Proverbs 15:11	Hell and destruction are before the LORD: how much more then the hearts of the children of men?
Revelation 2:2	I know your works, and your labor, and your patience, and how you can not bear them which are evil: and you have tried them which say they are apostles, and are not, and have found them liars:
Romans 12:2	And be not conformed to this world: but be you transformed by the renewing of your mind, that you may prove what is that good, and acceptable, and perfect, will of God.
Numbers 4:35	From thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, every one that enters into the service, for the work in the tabernacle of the congregation:
Isaiah 38:20	The LORD was ready to save me: therefore we will sing my songs to the stringed instruments all the days of our life in the house of the LORD.
Exodus 32:16	And the tables were the work of God, and the writing was the writing of God, graven on the tables.
Proverbs 18:20	A man’s belly shall be satisfied with the fruit of his mouth; and with the increase of his lips shall he be filled.
Exodus 20:22	And the LORD said to Moses, Thus you shall say to the children of Israel, You have seen that I have talked with you from heaven.
1 Peter 1:7	That the trial of your faith, being much more precious than of gold that perishes, though it be tried with fire, might be found to praise and honor and glory at the appearing of Jesus Christ:
Proverbs 19:6	Many will entreat the favor of the prince: and every man is a friend to him that gives gifts.
Isaiah 16:2	For it shall be, that, as a wandering bird cast out of the nest, so the daughters of Moab shall be at the fords of Arnon.
2 Samuel 15:29	Zadok therefore and Abiathar carried the ark of God again to Jerusalem: and they tarried there.
Habakkuk 3:1	A prayer of Habakkuk the prophet on Shigionoth.
Jeremiah 36:30	Therefore thus said the LORD of Jehoiakim king of Judah; He shall have none to sit on the throne of David: and his dead body shall be cast out in the day to the heat, and in the night to the frost.
2 Samuel 23:29	Heleb the son of Baanah, a Netophathite, Ittai the son of Ribai out of Gibeah of the children of Benjamin,
1 Kings 7:47	And Solomon left all the vessels unweighed, because they were exceeding many: neither was the weight of the brass found out.
Psalm 137:4	How shall we sing the LORD’s song in a strange land?
Numbers 6:16	And the priest shall bring them before the LORD, and shall offer his sin offering, and his burnt offering:
1 Kings 7:18	And he made the pillars, and two rows round about on the one network, to cover the capitals that were on the top, with pomegranates: and so did he for the other capital.
Psalm 31:1	In you, O LORD, do I put my trust; let me never be ashamed: deliver me in your righteousness.
Jeremiah 19:13	And the houses of Jerusalem, and the houses of the kings of Judah, shall be defiled as the place of Tophet, because of all the houses on whose roofs they have burned incense to all the host of heaven, and have poured out drink offerings to other gods.
1 Samuel 23:10	Then said David, O LORD God of Israel, your servant has certainly heard that Saul seeks to come to Keilah, to destroy the city for my sake.
James 5:11	Behold, we count them happy which endure. You have heard of the patience of Job, and have seen the end of the Lord; that the Lord is very pitiful, and of tender mercy.
2 Peter 2:15	Which have forsaken the right way, and are gone astray, following the way of Balaam the son of Bosor, who loved the wages of unrighteousness;
Psalm 102:26	They shall perish, but you shall endure: yes, all of them shall wax old like a garment; as a clothing shall you change them, and they shall be changed:
Isaiah 40:5	And the glory of the LORD shall be revealed, and all flesh shall see it together: for the mouth of the LORD has spoken it.
Ezekiel 21:25	And you, profane wicked prince of Israel, whose day is come, when iniquity shall have an end,
Genesis 25:2	And she bore him Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah.
Deuteronomy 28:53	And you shall eat the fruit of your own body, the flesh of your sons and of your daughters, which the LORD your God has given you, in the siege, and in the narrow place, with which your enemies shall distress you:
Psalm 50:13	Will I eat the flesh of bulls, or drink the blood of goats?
Romans 8:25	But if we hope for that we see not, then do we with patience wait for it.
2 Samuel 2:22	And Abner said again to Asahel, Turn you aside from following me: why should I smite you to the ground? how then should I hold up my face to Joab your brother?
Luke 2:22	And when the days of her purification according to the law of Moses were accomplished, they brought him to Jerusalem, to present him to the Lord;
Deuteronomy 3:17	The plain also, and Jordan, and the coast thereof, from Chinnereth even to the sea of the plain, even the salt sea, under Ashdothpisgah eastward.
Luke 8:29	(For he had commanded the unclean spirit to come out of the man. For oftentimes it had caught him: and he was kept bound with chains and in fetters; and he broke the bands, and was driven of the devil into the wilderness.)
Ezra 1:6	And all they that were about them strengthened their hands with vessels of silver, with gold, with goods, and with beasts, and with precious things, beside all that was willingly offered.
1 Kings 15:13	And also Maachah his mother, even her he removed from being queen, because she had made an idol in a grove; and Asa destroyed her idol, and burnt it by the brook Kidron.
Deuteronomy 12:12	And you shall rejoice before the LORD your God, you, and your sons, and your daughters, and your menservants, and your maidservants, and the Levite that is within your gates; for as much as he has no part nor inheritance with you.
1 Chronicles 24:2	But Nadab and Abihu died before their father, and had no children: therefore Eleazar and Ithamar executed the priest’s office.
Zechariah 6:8	Then cried he on me, and spoke to me, saying, Behold, these that go toward the north country have quieted my spirit in the north country.
Genesis 3:19	In the sweat of your face shall you eat bread, till you return to the ground; for out of it were you taken: for dust you are, and to dust shall you return.
Zechariah 3:4	And he answered and spoke to those that stood before him, saying, Take away the filthy garments from him. And to him he said, Behold, I have caused your iniquity to pass from you, and I will clothe you with change of raiment.
Isaiah 23:4	Be you ashamed, O Zidon: for the sea has spoken, even the strength of the sea, saying, I travail not, nor bring forth children, neither do I nourish up young men, nor bring up virgins.
Job 30:16	And now my soul is poured out on me; the days of affliction have taken hold on me.
Acts 15:38	But Paul thought not good to take him with them, who departed from them from Pamphylia, and went not with them to the work.
Amos 3:2	You only have I known of all the families of the earth: therefore I will punish you for all your iniquities.
John 18:30	They answered and said to him, If he were not a malefactor, we would not have delivered him up to you.
Psalm 118:3	Let the house of Aaron now say, that his mercy endures for ever.
Matthew 12:6	But I say to you, That in this place is one greater than the temple.
1 Samuel 12:13	Now therefore behold the king whom you have chosen, and whom you have desired! and, behold, the LORD has set a king over you.
Numbers 26:13	Of Zerah, the family of the Zarhites: of Shaul, the family of the Shaulites.
Psalm 89:7	God is greatly to be feared in the assembly of the saints, and to be had in reverence of all them that are about him.
John 9:11	He answered and said, A man that is called Jesus made clay, and anointed my eyes, and said to me, Go to the pool of Siloam, and wash: and I went and washed, and I received sight.
Psalm 26:6	I will wash my hands in innocence: so will I compass your altar, O LORD:
Psalm 78:34	When he slew them, then they sought him: and they returned and inquired early after God.
Joshua 7:24	And Joshua, and all Israel with him, took Achan the son of Zerah, and the silver, and the garment, and the wedge of gold, and his sons, and his daughters, and his oxen, and his asses, and his sheep, and his tent, and all that he had: and they brought them to the valley of Achor.
2 Chronicles 3:17	And he reared up the pillars before the temple, one on the right hand, and the other on the left; and called the name of that on the right hand Jachin, and the name of that on the left Boaz.
2 Chronicles 28:14	So the armed men left the captives and the spoil before the princes and all the congregation.
Nehemiah 3:31	After him repaired Malchiah the goldsmith’s son to the place of the Nethinims, and of the merchants, over against the gate Miphkad, and to the going up of the corner.
Romans 3:13	Their throat is an open sepulcher; with their tongues they have used deceit; the poison of asps is under their lips:
1 Kings 1:41	And Adonijah and all the guests that were with him heard it as they had made an end of eating. And when Joab heard the sound of the trumpet, he said, Why is this noise of the city being in an uproar?
Exodus 30:38	Whoever shall make like to that, to smell thereto, shall even be cut off from his people.
2 Chronicles 13:19	And Abijah pursued after Jeroboam, and took cities from him, Bethel with the towns thereof, and Jeshanah with the towns thereof, and Ephraim with the towns thereof.
Proverbs 11:21	Though hand join in hand, the wicked shall not be unpunished: but the seed of the righteous shall be delivered.
Luke 11:11	If a son shall ask bread of any of you that is a father, will he give him a stone? or if he ask a fish, will he for a fish give him a serpent?
Ezekiel 8:12	Then said he to me, Son of man, have you seen what the ancients of the house of Israel do in the dark, every man in the chambers of his imagery? for they say, the LORD sees us not; the LORD has forsaken the earth.
Malachi 3:3	And he shall sit as a refiner and purifier of silver: and he shall purify the sons of Levi, and purge them as gold and silver, that they may offer to the LORD an offering in righteousness.
Numbers 22:25	And when the ass saw the angel of the LORD, she thrust herself to the wall, and crushed Balaam’s foot against the wall: and he smote her again.
Job 41:16	One is so near to another, that no air can come between them.
Mark 12:12	And they sought to lay hold on him, but feared the people: for they knew that he had spoken the parable against them: and they left him, and went their way.
Deuteronomy 22:14	And give occasions of speech against her, and bring up an evil name on her, and say, I took this woman, and when I came to her, I found her not a maid:
Psalm 31:12	I am forgotten as a dead man out of mind: I am like a broken vessel.
Psalm 147:3	He heals the broken in heart, and binds up their wounds.
1 Kings 2:27	So Solomon thrust out Abiathar from being priest to the LORD; that he might fulfill the word of the LORD, which he spoke concerning the house of Eli in Shiloh.
Joel 1:3	Tell you your children of it, and let your children tell their children, and their children another generation.
Matthew 2:8	And he sent them to Bethlehem, and said, Go and search diligently for the young child; and when you have found him, bring me word again, that I may come and worship him also.
Ezekiel 21:14	You therefore, son of man, prophesy, and smite your hands together. and let the sword be doubled the third time, the sword of the slain: it is the sword of the great men that are slain, which enters into their privy chambers.
Isaiah 57:1	The righteous perishes, and no man lays it to heart: and merciful men are taken away, none considering that the righteous is taken away from the evil to come.
2 Kings 8:4	And the king talked with Gehazi the servant of the man of God, saying, Tell me, I pray you, all the great things that Elisha has done.
Jeremiah 25:34	Howl, you shepherds, and cry; and wallow yourselves in the ashes, you principal of the flock: for the days of your slaughter and of your dispersions are accomplished; and you shall fall like a pleasant vessel.
Nehemiah 11:11	Seraiah the son of Hilkiah, the son of Meshullam, the son of Zadok, the son of Meraioth, the son of Ahitub, was the ruler of the house of God.
Ezekiel 7:16	But they that escape of them shall escape, and shall be on the mountains like doves of the valleys, all of them mourning, every one for his iniquity.
2 Chronicles 36:12	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD his God, and humbled not himself before Jeremiah the prophet speaking from the mouth of the LORD.
2 Samuel 17:19	And the woman took and spread a covering over the well’s mouth, and spread ground corn thereon; and the thing was not known.
Leviticus 13:58	And the garment, either warp, or woof, or whatever thing of skin it be, which you shall wash, if the plague be departed from them, then it shall be washed the second time, and shall be clean.
2 Samuel 17:17	Now Jonathan and Ahimaaz stayed by Enrogel; for they might not be seen to come into the city: and a wench went and told them; and they went and told king David.
Hebrews 10:20	By a new and living way, which he has consecrated for us, through the veil, that is to say, his flesh;
Galatians 3:1	O foolish Galatians, who has bewitched you, that you should not obey the truth, before whose eyes Jesus Christ has been evidently set forth, crucified among you?
2 Chronicles 20:14	Then on Jahaziel the son of Zechariah, the son of Benaiah, the son of Jeiel, the son of Mattaniah, a Levite of the sons of Asaph, came the Spirit of the LORD in the middle of the congregation;
Numbers 11:31	And there went forth a wind from the LORD, and brought quails from the sea, and let them fall by the camp, as it were a day’s journey on this side, and as it were a day’s journey on the other side, round about the camp, and as it were two cubits high on the face of the earth.
Jeremiah 8:13	I will surely consume them, said the LORD: there shall be no grapes on the vine, nor figs on the fig tree, and the leaf shall fade; and the things that I have given them shall pass away from them.
Leviticus 21:9	And the daughter of any priest, if she profane herself by playing the whore, she profanes her father: she shall be burnt with fire.
Romans 13:14	But put you on the Lord Jesus Christ, and make not provision for the flesh, to fulfill the lusts thereof.
Numbers 9:13	But the man that is clean, and is not in a journey, and declines to keep the passover, even the same soul shall be cut off from among his people: because he brought not the offering of the LORD in his appointed season, that man shall bear his sin.
Deuteronomy 9:13	Furthermore the LORD spoke to me, saying, I have seen this people, and, behold, it is a stiff necked people:
Genesis 14:1	And it came to pass in the days of Amraphel king of Shinar, Arioch king of Ellasar, Chedorlaomer king of Elam, and Tidal king of nations;
Numbers 1:16	These were the renowned of the congregation, princes of the tribes of their fathers, heads of thousands in Israel.
James 3:15	This wisdom descends not from above, but is earthly, sensual, devilish.
John 15:2	Every branch in me that bears not fruit he takes away: and every branch that bears fruit, he purges it, that it may bring forth more fruit.
Jeremiah 26:1	In the beginning of the reign of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah came this word from the LORD, saying,
Judges 7:11	And you shall hear what they say; and afterward shall your hands be strengthened to go down to the host. Then went he down with Phurah his servant to the outside of the armed men that were in the host.
Exodus 33:1	And the LORD said to Moses, Depart, and go up hence, you and the people which you have brought up out of the land of Egypt, to the land which I swore to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, saying, To your seed will I give it:
Numbers 26:40	And the sons of Bela were Ard and Naaman: of Ard, the family of the Ardites: and of Naaman, the family of the Naamites.
1 Samuel 25:8	Ask your young men, and they will show you. Why let the young men find favor in your eyes: for we come in a good day: give, I pray you, whatever comes to your hand to your servants, and to your son David.
2 Chronicles 2:15	Now therefore the wheat, and the barley, the oil, and the wine, which my lord has spoken of, let him send to his servants:
1 Corinthians 11:19	For there must be also heresies among you, that they which are approved may be made manifest among you.
2 Kings 3:26	And when the king of Moab saw that the battle was too sore for him, he took with him seven hundred men that drew swords, to break through even to the king of Edom: but they could not.
Joshua 11:19	There was not a city that made peace with the children of Israel, save the Hivites the inhabitants of Gibeon: all other they took in battle.
1 Kings 13:31	And it came to pass, after he had buried him, that he spoke to his sons, saying, When I am dead, then bury me in the sepulcher wherein the man of God is buried; lay my bones beside his bones:
Job 6:16	Which are blackish by reason of the ice, and wherein the snow is hid:
Revelation 18:8	Therefore shall her plagues come in one day, death, and mourning, and famine; and she shall be utterly burned with fire: for strong is the Lord God who judges her.
Psalm 76:10	Surely the wrath of man shall praise you: the remainder of wrath shall you restrain.
Psalm 8:8	The fowl of the air, and the fish of the sea, and whatever passes through the paths of the seas.
Ezekiel 44:21	Neither shall any priest drink wine, when they enter into the inner court.
Luke 12:53	The father shall be divided against the son, and the son against the father; the mother against the daughter, and the daughter against the mother; the mother in law against her daughter in law, and the daughter in law against her mother in law.
1 Samuel 12:22	For the LORD will not forsake his people for his great name’s sake: because it has pleased the LORD to make you his people.
Nehemiah 7:17	The children of Azgad, two thousand three hundred twenty and two.
2 Kings 6:33	And while he yet talked with them, behold, the messenger came down to him: and he said, Behold, this evil is of the LORD; what should I wait for the LORD any longer?
Jeremiah 2:31	O generation, see you the word of the LORD. Have I been a wilderness to Israel? a land of darkness? why say my people, We are lords; we will come no more to you?
Isaiah 49:20	The children which you shall have, after you have lost the other, shall say again in your ears, The place is too strait for me: give place to me that I may dwell.
Deuteronomy 15:9	Beware that there be not a thought in your wicked heart, saying, The seventh year, the year of release, is at hand; and your eye be evil against your poor brother, and you give him nothing; and he cry to the LORD against you, and it be sin to you.
Exodus 3:14	And God said to Moses, I AM THAT I AM: and he said, Thus shall you say to the children of Israel, I AM has sent me to you.
Psalm 96:12	Let the field be joyful, and all that is therein: then shall all the trees of the wood rejoice
1 Corinthians 2:2	For I determined not to know any thing among you, save Jesus Christ, and him crucified.
Job 16:4	I also could speak as you do: if your soul were in my soul’s stead, I could heap up words against you, and shake my head at you.
Psalm 14:5	There were they in great fear: for God is in the generation of the righteous.
Hebrews 12:21	And so terrible was the sight, that Moses said, I exceedingly fear and quake:)
Revelation 11:4	These are the two olive trees, and the two candlesticks standing before the God of the earth.
Mark 5:10	And he sought him much that he would not send them away out of the country.
1 Chronicles 14:14	Therefore David inquired again of God; and God said to him, Go not up after them; turn away from them, and come on them over against the mulberry trees.
Lamentations 3:62	The lips of those that rose up against me, and their device against me all the day.
Jeremiah 41:4	And it came to pass the second day after he had slain Gedaliah, and no man knew it,
Nehemiah 11:33	Hazor, Ramah, Gittaim,
Matthew 10:20	For it is not you that speak, but the Spirit of your Father which speaks in you.
2 Chronicles 25:1	Amaziah was twenty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned twenty and nine years in Jerusalem. And his mother’s name was Jehoaddan of Jerusalem.
Luke 10:12	But I say to you, that it shall be more tolerable in that day for Sodom, than for that city.
Psalm 102:15	So the heathen shall fear the name of the LORD, and all the kings of the earth your glory.
1 Samuel 20:9	And Jonathan said, Far be it from you: for if I knew certainly that evil were determined by my father to come on you, then would not I tell it you?
Job 3:11	Why died I not from the womb? why did I not give up the ghost when I came out of the belly?
Amos 3:3	Can two walk together, except they be agreed?
Jeremiah 11:15	What has my beloved to do in my house, seeing she has worked lewdness with many, and the holy flesh is passed from you? when you do evil, then you rejoice.
Isaiah 32:7	The instruments also of the churl are evil: he devises wicked devices to destroy the poor with lying words, even when the needy speaks right.
Judges 2:23	Therefore the LORD left those nations, without driving them out hastily; neither delivered he them into the hand of Joshua.
Mark 4:39	And he arose, and rebuked the wind, and said to the sea, Peace, be still. And the wind ceased, and there was a great calm.
Exodus 1:8	Now there arose up a new king over Egypt, which knew not Joseph.
2 Samuel 14:31	Then Joab arose, and came to Absalom to his house, and said to him, Why have your servants set my field on fire?
Acts 7:42	Then God turned, and gave them up to worship the host of heaven; as it is written in the book of the prophets, O you house of Israel, have you offered to me slain beasts and sacrifices by the space of forty years in the wilderness?
Nahum 3:5	Behold, I am against you, said the LORD of hosts; and I will discover your skirts on your face, and I will show the nations your nakedness, and the kingdoms your shame.
Exodus 25:12	And you shall cast four rings of gold for it, and put them in the four corners thereof; and two rings shall be in the one side of it, and two rings in the other side of it.
Jeremiah 39:11	Now Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon gave charge concerning Jeremiah to Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard, saying,
Deuteronomy 29:15	But with him that stands here with us this day before the LORD our God, and also with him that is not here with us this day:
Isaiah 60:12	For the nation and kingdom that will not serve you shall perish; yes, those nations shall be utterly wasted.
1 Chronicles 16:11	Seek the LORD and his strength, seek his face continually.
Joshua 12:10	The king of Jerusalem, one; the king of Hebron, one;
Matthew 8:2	And, behold, there came a leper and worshipped him, saying, Lord, if you will, you can make me clean.
Hosea 8:6	For from Israel was it also: the workman made it; therefore it is not God: but the calf of Samaria shall be broken in pieces.
John 3:21	But he that does truth comes to the light, that his deeds may be made manifest, that they are worked in God.
2 Samuel 8:12	Of Syria, and of Moab, and of the children of Ammon, and of the Philistines, and of Amalek, and of the spoil of Hadadezer, son of Rehob, king of Zobah.
Revelation 17:2	With whom the kings of the earth have committed fornication, and the inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of her fornication.
Ecclesiastes 6:4	For he comes in with vanity, and departs in darkness, and his name shall be covered with darkness.
Acts 19:4	Then said Paul, John truly baptized with the baptism of repentance, saying to the people, that they should believe on him which should come after him, that is, on Christ Jesus.
Lamentations 3:43	You have covered with anger, and persecuted us: you have slain, you have not pitied.
Song of Solomon 3:10	He made the pillars thereof of silver, the bottom thereof of gold, the covering of it of purple, the middle thereof being paved with love, for the daughters of Jerusalem.
Genesis 39:12	And she caught him by his garment, saying, Lie with me: and he left his garment in her hand, and fled, and got him out.
Genesis 5:10	And Enos lived after he begat Cainan eight hundred and fifteen years, and begat sons and daughters:
Jeremiah 27:6	And now have I given all these lands into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, my servant; and the beasts of the field have I given him also to serve him.
Ezekiel 14:11	That the house of Israel may go no more astray from me, neither be polluted any more with all their transgressions; but that they may be my people, and I may be their God, said the Lord GOD.
Zephaniah 1:5	And them that worship the host of heaven on the housetops; and them that worship and that swear by the LORD, and that swear by Malcham;
Acts 16:13	And on the sabbath we went out of the city by a river side, where prayer was wont to be made; and we sat down, and spoke to the women which resorted thither.
Psalm 22:17	I may tell all my bones: they look and stare on me.
1 Samuel 10:19	And you have this day rejected your God, who himself saved you out of all your adversities and your tribulations; and you have said to him, No, but set a king over us. Now therefore present yourselves before the LORD by your tribes, and by your thousands.
1 Chronicles 28:8	Now therefore in the sight of all Israel the congregation of the LORD, and in the audience of our God, keep and seek for all the commandments of the LORD your God: that you may possess this good land, and leave it for an inheritance for your children after you for ever.
2 Corinthians 5:21	For he has made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him.
Romans 16:24	The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Acts 7:11	Now there came a dearth over all the land of Egypt and Chanaan, and great affliction: and our fathers found no sustenance.
Leviticus 8:17	But the bullock, and his hide, his flesh, and his dung, he burnt with fire without the camp; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Luke 19:12	He said therefore, A certain nobleman went into a far country to receive for himself a kingdom, and to return.
Ephesians 3:8	To me, who am less than the least of all saints, is this grace given, that I should preach among the Gentiles the unsearchable riches of Christ;
Galatians 4:13	You know how through infirmity of the flesh I preached the gospel to you at the first.
Job 15:4	Yes, you cast off fear, and restrain prayer before God.
2 Chronicles 32:28	Storehouses also for the increase of corn, and wine, and oil; and stalls for all manner of beasts, and cotes for flocks.
Revelation 13:7	And it was given to him to make war with the saints, and to overcome them: and power was given him over all kindreds, and tongues, and nations.
Isaiah 3:19	The chains, and the bracelets, and the mufflers,
Philippians 2:25	Yet I supposed it necessary to send to you Epaphroditus, my brother, and companion in labor, and fellow soldier, but your messenger, and he that ministered to my wants.
Jeremiah 7:26	Yet they listened not to me, nor inclined their ear, but hardened their neck: they did worse than their fathers.
Numbers 23:9	For from the top of the rocks I see him, and from the hills I behold him: see, the people shall dwell alone, and shall not be reckoned among the nations.
2 Samuel 22:2	And he said, The LORD is my rock, and my fortress, and my deliverer;
John 7:31	And many of the people believed on him, and said, When Christ comes, will he do more miracles than these which this man has done?
Deuteronomy 29:4	Yet the LORD has not given you an heart to perceive, and eyes to see, and ears to hear, to this day.
1 Corinthians 7:6	But I speak this by permission, and not of commandment.
John 4:7	There comes a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus said to her, Give me to drink.
Jeremiah 1:13	And the word of the LORD came to me the second time, saying, What see you? And I said, I see a seething pot; and the face thereof is toward the north.
Acts 4:12	Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.
Numbers 28:15	And one kid of the goats for a sin offering to the LORD shall be offered, beside the continual burnt offering, and his drink offering.
Daniel 8:15	And it came to pass, when I, even I Daniel, had seen the vision, and sought for the meaning, then, behold, there stood before me as the appearance of a man.
Luke 22:36	Then said he to them, But now, he that has a purse, let him take it, and likewise his money: and he that has no sword, let him sell his garment, and buy one.
Numbers 12:4	And the LORD spoke suddenly to Moses, and to Aaron, and to Miriam, Come out you three to the tabernacle of the congregation. And they three came out.
Psalm 106:37	Yes, they sacrificed their sons and their daughters to devils,
Luke 3:23	And Jesus himself began to be about thirty years of age, being (as was supposed) the son of Joseph, which was the son of Heli,
Luke 20:24	Show me a penny. Whose image and superscription has it? They answered and said, Caesar’s.
Leviticus 17:4	And brings it not to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, to offer an offering to the LORD before the tabernacle of the LORD; blood shall be imputed to that man; he has shed blood; and that man shall be cut off from among his people:
Joel 2:19	Yes, the LORD will answer and say to his people, Behold, I will send you corn, and wine, and oil, and you shall be satisfied therewith: and I will no more make you a reproach among the heathen:
1 Timothy 3:15	But if I tarry long, that you may know how you ought to behave yourself in the house of God, which is the church of the living God, the pillar and ground of the truth.
1 Samuel 24:8	David also arose afterward, and went out of the cave, and cried after Saul, saying, My lord the king. And when Saul looked behind him, David stooped with his face to the earth, and bowed himself.
Psalm 18:38	I have wounded them that they were not able to rise: they are fallen under my feet.
2 Corinthians 11:4	For if he that comes preaches another Jesus, whom we have not preached, or if you receive another spirit, which you have not received, or another gospel, which you have not accepted, you might well bear with him.
Galatians 3:8	And the scripture, foreseeing that God would justify the heathen through faith, preached before the gospel to Abraham, saying, In you shall all nations be blessed.
Numbers 29:14	And their meat offering shall be of flour mingled with oil, three tenth deals to every bullock of the thirteen bullocks, two tenth deals to each ram of the two rams,
2 Kings 1:14	Behold, there came fire down from heaven, and burnt up the two captains of the former fifties with their fifties: therefore let my life now be precious in your sight.
Proverbs 5:14	I was almost in all evil in the middle of the congregation and assembly.
2 Kings 9:34	And when he was come in, he did eat and drink, and said, Go, see now this cursed woman, and bury her: for she is a king’s daughter.
Proverbs 6:4	Give not sleep to your eyes, nor slumber to your eyelids.
2 Samuel 12:10	Now therefore the sword shall never depart from your house; because you have despised me, and have taken the wife of Uriah the Hittite to be your wife.
1 Kings 9:28	And they came to Ophir, and fetched from there gold, four hundred and twenty talents, and brought it to king Solomon.
2 Chronicles 21:3	And their father gave them great gifts of silver, and of gold, and of precious things, with fenced cities in Judah: but the kingdom gave he to Jehoram; because he was the firstborn.
2 Chronicles 18:5	Therefore the king of Israel gathered together of prophets four hundred men, and said to them, Shall we go to Ramothgilead to battle, or shall I forbear? And they said, Go up; for God will deliver it into the king’s hand.
Nehemiah 5:10	I likewise, and my brothers, and my servants, might exact of them money and corn: I pray you, let us leave off this usury.
Numbers 14:36	And the men, which Moses sent to search the land, who returned, and made all the congregation to murmur against him, by bringing up a slander on the land,
1 Samuel 21:3	Now therefore what is under your hand? give me five loaves of bread in my hand, or what there is present.
Numbers 24:12	And Balaam said to Balak, Spoke I not also to your messengers which you sent to me, saying,
Hebrews 2:6	But one in a certain place testified, saying, What is man, that you are mindful of him? or the son of man that you visit him?
2 Chronicles 1:12	Wisdom and knowledge is granted to you; and I will give you riches, and wealth, and honor, such as none of the kings have had that have been before you, neither shall there any after you have the like.
Numbers 19:4	And Eleazar the priest shall take of her blood with his finger, and sprinkle of her blood directly before the tabernacle of the congregation seven times:
Job 6:22	Did I say, Bring to me? or, Give a reward for me of your substance?
Ezekiel 42:6	For they were in three stories, but had not pillars as the pillars of the courts: therefore the building was straitened more than the lowest and the middlemost from the ground.
John 6:13	Therefore they gathered them together, and filled twelve baskets with the fragments of the five barley loaves, which remained over and above to them that had eaten.
Jeremiah 14:7	O LORD, though our iniquities testify against us, do you it for your name’s sake: for our backslidings are many; we have sinned against you.
John 5:27	And has given him authority to execute judgment also, because he is the Son of man.
John 9:13	They brought to the Pharisees him that aforetime was blind.
Numbers 33:2	And Moses wrote their goings out according to their journeys by the commandment of the LORD: and these are their journeys according to their goings out.
Jeremiah 38:11	So Ebedmelech took the men with him, and went into the house of the king under the treasury, and took there old cast clouts and old rotten rags, and let them down by cords into the dungeon to Jeremiah.
Zechariah 4:7	Who are you, O great mountain? before Zerubbabel you shall become a plain: and he shall bring forth the headstone thereof with shoutings, crying, Grace, grace to it.
Daniel 5:6	Then the king’s countenance was changed, and his thoughts troubled him, so that the joints of his loins were loosed, and his knees smote one against another.
Luke 4:15	And he taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all.
Amos 1:7	But I will send a fire on the wall of Gaza, which shall devour the palaces thereof:
Leviticus 18:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
John 6:66	From that time many of his disciples went back, and walked no more with him.
Nehemiah 13:5	And he had prepared for him a great chamber, where aforetime they laid the meat offerings, the frankincense, and the vessels, and the tithes of the corn, the new wine, and the oil, which was commanded to be given to the Levites, and the singers, and the porters; and the offerings of the priests.
Exodus 25:15	The staves shall be in the rings of the ark: they shall not be taken from it.
Nehemiah 7:33	The men of the other Nebo, fifty and two.
Psalm 82:1	God stands in the congregation of the mighty; he judges among the gods.
Daniel 3:6	And whoever falls not down and worships shall the same hour be cast into the middle of a burning fiery furnace.
Ezekiel 24:17	Forbear to cry, make no mourning for the dead, bind the tire of your head on you, and put on your shoes on your feet, and cover not your lips, and eat not the bread of men.
Leviticus 24:21	And he that kills a beast, he shall restore it: and he that kills a man, he shall be put to death.
Exodus 28:19	And the third row a ligure, an agate, and an amethyst.
2 Samuel 17:5	Then said Absalom, Call now Hushai the Archite also, and let us hear likewise what he said.
2 Samuel 9:3	And the king said, Is there not yet any of the house of Saul, that I may show the kindness of God to him? And Ziba said to the king, Jonathan has yet a son, which is lame on his feet.
2 Kings 18:3	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that David his father did.
Leviticus 17:10	And whatever man there be of the house of Israel, or of the strangers that sojourn among you, that eats any manner of blood; I will even set my face against that soul that eats blood, and will cut him off from among his people.
Ezekiel 10:19	And the cherubim lifted up their wings, and mounted up from the earth in my sight: when they went out, the wheels also were beside them, and every one stood at the door of the east gate of the LORD’s house; and the glory of the God of Israel was over them above.
Matthew 4:14	That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying,
Psalm 102:21	To declare the name of the LORD in Zion, and his praise in Jerusalem;
Leviticus 22:24	You shall not offer to the LORD that which is bruised, or crushed, or broken, or cut; neither shall you make any offering thereof in your land.
Joel 1:16	Is not the meat cut off before our eyes, yes, joy and gladness from the house of our God?
1 Samuel 19:4	And Jonathan spoke good of David to Saul his father, and said to him, Let not the king sin against his servant, against David; because he has not sinned against you, and because his works have been to you-ward very good:
Proverbs 18:22	Whoever finds a wife finds a good thing, and obtains favor of the LORD.
Psalm 119:165	Great peace have they which love your law: and nothing shall offend them.
Hebrews 2:2	For if the word spoken by angels was steadfast, and every transgression and disobedience received a just recompense of reward;
Zechariah 2:1	I lifted up my eyes again, and looked, and behold a man with a measuring line in his hand.
Psalm 61:7	He shall abide before God for ever: O prepare mercy and truth, which may preserve him.
Proverbs 24:21	My son, fear you the LORD and the king: and meddle not with them that are given to change:
Job 31:12	For it is a fire that consumes to destruction, and would root out all my increase.
Joshua 18:27	And Rekem, and Irpeel, and Taralah,
Exodus 8:14	And they gathered them together on heaps: and the land stank.
Daniel 4:28	All this came on the king Nebuchadnezzar.
Ezekiel 4:7	Therefore you shall set your face toward the siege of Jerusalem, and your arm shall be uncovered, and you shall prophesy against it.
2 Kings 17:30	And the men of Babylon made Succothbenoth, and the men of Cuth made Nergal, and the men of Hamath made Ashima,
Psalm 121:6	The sun shall not smite you by day, nor the moon by night.
Isaiah 22:23	And I will fasten him as a nail in a sure place; and he shall be for a glorious throne to his father’s house.
John 13:30	He then having received the sop went immediately out: and it was night.
Isaiah 5:5	And now go to; I will tell you what I will do to my vineyard: I will take away the hedge thereof, and it shall be eaten up; and break down the wall thereof, and it shall be trodden down:
1 Chronicles 24:18	The three and twentieth to Delaiah, the four and twentieth to Maaziah.
John 11:42	And I knew that you hear me always: but because of the people which stand by I said it, that they may believe that you have sent me.
1 Samuel 1:28	Therefore also I have lent him to the LORD; as long as he lives he shall be lent to the LORD. And he worshipped the LORD there.
Exodus 8:10	And he said, To morrow. And he said, Be it according to your word: that you may know that there is none like to the LORD our God.
Psalm 119:13	With my lips have I declared all the judgments of your mouth.
1 Timothy 4:10	For therefore we both labor and suffer reproach, because we trust in the living God, who is the Savior of all men, specially of those that believe.
James 3:7	For every kind of beasts, and of birds, and of serpents, and of things in the sea, is tamed, and has been tamed of mankind:
Luke 7:41	There was a certain creditor which had two debtors: the one owed five hundred pence, and the other fifty.
Isaiah 44:18	They have not known nor understood: for he has shut their eyes, that they cannot see; and their hearts, that they cannot understand.
Acts 20:28	Take heed therefore to yourselves, and to all the flock, over the which the Holy Ghost has made you overseers, to feed the church of God, which he has purchased with his own blood.
Nehemiah 1:1	The words of Nehemiah the son of Hachaliah. And it came to pass in the month Chisleu, in the twentieth year, as I was in Shushan the palace,
Matthew 5:15	Neither do men light a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick; and it gives light to all that are in the house.
1 Kings 11:8	And likewise did he for all his strange wives, which burnt incense and sacrificed to their gods.
Revelation 5:3	And no man in heaven, nor in earth, neither under the earth, was able to open the book, neither to look thereon.
Acts 11:17	For as much then as God gave them the like gift as he did to us, who believed on the Lord Jesus Christ; what was I, that I could withstand God?
Job 22:14	Thick clouds are a covering to him, that he sees not; and he walks in the circuit of heaven.
Psalm 40:8	I delight to do your will, O my God: yes, your law is within my heart.
Ezekiel 26:13	And I will cause the noise of your songs to cease; and the sound of your harps shall be no more heard.
Deuteronomy 3:2	And the LORD said to me, Fear him not: for I will deliver him, and all his people, and his land, into your hand; and you shall do to him as you did to Sihon king of the Amorites, which dwelled at Heshbon.
1 Kings 12:6	And king Rehoboam consulted with the old men, that stood before Solomon his father while he yet lived, and said, How do you advise that I may answer this people?
1 Samuel 20:15	But also you shall not cut off your kindness from my house for ever: no, not when the LORD has cut off the enemies of David every one from the face of the earth.
Philippians 1:12	But I would you should understand, brothers, that the things which happened to me have fallen out rather to the furtherance of the gospel;
Exodus 36:6	And Moses gave commandment, and they caused it to be proclaimed throughout the camp, saying, Let neither man nor woman make any more work for the offering of the sanctuary. So the people were restrained from bringing.
Genesis 44:30	Now therefore when I come to your servant my father, and the lad be not with us; seeing that his life is bound up in the lad’s life;
Luke 2:1	And it came to pass in those days, that there went out a decree from Caesar Augustus that all the world should be taxed.
Psalm 119:118	You have trodden down all them that err from your statutes: for their deceit is falsehood.
Mark 5:20	And he departed, and began to publish in Decapolis how great things Jesus had done for him: and all men did marvel.
Ezekiel 11:13	And it came to pass, when I prophesied, that Pelatiah the son of Benaiah died. Then fell I down on my face, and cried with a loud voice, and said, Ah Lord GOD! will you make a full end of the remnant of Israel?
Genesis 27:36	And he said, Is not he rightly named Jacob? for he has supplanted me these two times: he took away my birthright; and, behold, now he has taken away my blessing. And he said, Have you not reserved a blessing for me?
Psalm 19:1	The heavens declare the glory of God; and the firmament shows his handiwork.
Mark 5:21	And when Jesus was passed over again by ship to the other side, much people gathered to him: and he was near to the sea.
Joshua 7:17	And he brought the family of Judah; and he took the family of the Zarhites: and he brought the family of the Zarhites man by man; and Zabdi was taken:
Revelation 21:10	And he carried me away in the spirit to a great and high mountain, and showed me that great city, the holy Jerusalem, descending out of heaven from God,
Jeremiah 42:12	And I will show mercies to you, that he may have mercy on you, and cause you to return to your own land.
Matthew 21:18	Now in the morning as he returned into the city, he hungry.
Jeremiah 37:18	Moreover Jeremiah said to king Zedekiah, What have I offended against you, or against your servants, or against this people, that you have put me in prison?
Psalm 64:4	That they may shoot in secret at the perfect: suddenly do they shoot at him, and fear not.
Ezekiel 13:6	They have seen vanity and lying divination, saying, The LORD said: and the LORD has not sent them: and they have made others to hope that they would confirm the word.
Isaiah 13:20	It shall never be inhabited, neither shall it be dwelled in from generation to generation: neither shall the Arabian pitch tent there; neither shall the shepherds make their fold there.
2 Samuel 11:17	And the men of the city went out, and fought with Joab: and there fell some of the people of the servants of David; and Uriah the Hittite died also.
Nehemiah 13:30	Thus cleansed I them from all strangers, and appointed the wards of the priests and the Levites, every one in his business;
Job 17:1	My breath is corrupt, my days are extinct, the graves are ready for me.
Joel 3:21	For I will cleanse their blood that I have not cleansed: for the LORD dwells in Zion.
John 15:18	If the world hate you, you know that it hated me before it hated you.
Revelation 22:14	Blessed are they that do his commandments, that they may have right to the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into the city.
Job 32:3	Also against his three friends was his wrath kindled, because they had found no answer, and yet had condemned Job.
Genesis 2:8	And the LORD God planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there he put the man whom he had formed.
Job 11:15	For then shall you lift up your face without spot; yes, you shall be steadfast, and shall not fear:
1 Chronicles 6:65	And they gave by lot out of the tribe of the children of Judah, and out of the tribe of the children of Simeon, and out of the tribe of the children of Benjamin, these cities, which are called by their names.
Isaiah 48:6	You have heard, see all this; and will not you declare it? I have showed you new things from this time, even hidden things, and you did not know them.
Ezekiel 32:2	Son of man, take up a lamentation for Pharaoh king of Egypt, and say to him, You are like a young lion of the nations, and you are as a whale in the seas: and you came forth with your rivers, and troubled the waters with your feet, and fouled their rivers.
Ezekiel 24:8	That it might cause fury to come up to take vengeance; I have set her blood on the top of a rock, that it should not be covered.
Acts 6:1	And in those days, when the number of the disciples was multiplied, there arose a murmuring of the Grecians against the Hebrews, because their widows were neglected in the daily ministration.
Genesis 12:4	So Abram departed, as the LORD had spoken to him; and Lot went with him: and Abram was seventy and five years old when he departed out of Haran.
Nehemiah 7:43	The Levites: the children of Jeshua, of Kadmiel, and of the children of Hodevah, seventy and four.
Exodus 7:16	And you shall say to him, The LORD God of the Hebrews has sent me to you, saying, Let my people go, that they may serve me in the wilderness: and, behold, till now you would not hear.
Acts 20:25	And now, behold, I know that you all, among whom I have gone preaching the kingdom of God, shall see my face no more.
Isaiah 49:16	Behold, I have graven you on the palms of my hands; your walls are continually before me.
Psalm 106:46	He made them also to be pitied of all those that carried them captives.
Esther 9:11	On that day the number of those that were slain in Shushan the palace was brought before the king.
1 Kings 20:33	Now the men did diligently observe whether any thing would come from him, and did hastily catch it: and they said, Your brother Benhadad. Then he said, Go you, bring him. Then Benhadad came forth to him; and he caused him to come up into the chariot.
1 Kings 13:30	And he laid his carcass in his own grave; and they mourned over him, saying, Alas, my brother!
Joshua 19:47	And the coast of the children of Dan went out too little for them: therefore the children of Dan went up to fight against Leshem, and took it, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and possessed it, and dwelled therein, and called Leshem, Dan, after the name of Dan their father.
Ezekiel 23:6	Which were clothed with blue, captains and rulers, all of them desirable young men, horsemen riding on horses.
Psalm 106:42	Their enemies also oppressed them, and they were brought into subjection under their hand.
2 Thessalonians 2:3	Let no man deceive you by any means: for that day shall not come, except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition;
Philippians 4:22	All the saints salute you, chiefly they that are of Caesar’s household.
Nahum 3:1	Woe to the bloody city! it is all full of lies and robbery; the prey departs not;
1 Kings 17:16	And the barrel of meal wasted not, neither did the cruse of oil fail, according to the word of the LORD, which he spoke by Elijah.
1 Chronicles 27:24	Joab the son of Zeruiah began to number, but he finished not, because there fell wrath for it against Israel; neither was the number put in the account of the chronicles of king David.
Ephesians 3:13	Why I desire that you faint not at my tribulations for you, which is your glory.
Proverbs 31:28	Her children arise up, and call her blessed; her husband also, and he praises her.
Matthew 12:49	And he stretched forth his hand toward his disciples, and said, Behold my mother and my brothers!
Judges 13:19	So Manoah took a kid with a meat offering, and offered it on a rock to the LORD: and the angel did wondrously; and Manoah and his wife looked on.
John 21:23	Then went this saying abroad among the brothers, that that disciple should not die: yet Jesus said not to him, He shall not die; but, If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to you?
Numbers 35:4	And the suburbs of the cities, which you shall give to the Levites, shall reach from the wall of the city and outward a thousand cubits round about.
Psalm 107:29	He makes the storm a calm, so that the waves thereof are still.
Acts 18:14	And when Paul was now about to open his mouth, Gallio said to the Jews, If it were a matter of wrong or wicked lewdness, O you Jews, reason would that I should bear with you:
Psalm 97:6	The heavens declare his righteousness, and all the people see his glory.
Lamentations 3:27	It is good for a man that he bear the yoke of his youth.
Acts 8:26	And the angel of the Lord spoke to Philip, saying, Arise, and go toward the south to the way that goes down from Jerusalem to Gaza, which is desert.
Mark 9:9	And as they came down from the mountain, he charged them that they should tell no man what things they had seen, till the Son of man were risen from the dead.
Isaiah 2:2	And it shall come to pass in the last days, that the mountain of the LORD’s house shall be established in the top of the mountains, and shall be exalted above the hills; and all nations shall flow to it.
2 Kings 8:10	And Elisha said to him, Go, say to him, You may certainly recover: however, the LORD has showed me that he shall surely die.
Psalm 20:3	Remember all your offerings, and accept your burnt sacrifice; Selah.
John 11:9	Jesus answered, Are there not twelve hours in the day? If any man walk in the day, he stumbles not, because he sees the light of this world.
Proverbs 7:24	Listen to me now therefore, O you children, and attend to the words of my mouth.
Ezra 10:9	Then all the men of Judah and Benjamin gathered themselves together to Jerusalem within three days. It was the ninth month, on the twentieth day of the month; and all the people sat in the street of the house of God, trembling because of this matter, and for the great rain.
Psalm 54:2	Hear my prayer, O God; give ear to the words of my mouth.
Judges 8:34	And the children of Israel remembered not the LORD their God, who had delivered them out of the hands of all their enemies on every side:
Acts 8:36	And as they went on their way, they came to a certain water: and the eunuch said, See, here is water; what does hinder me to be baptized?
1 Chronicles 16:9	Sing to him, sing psalms to him, talk you of all his wondrous works.
Psalm 38:8	I am feeble and sore broken: I have roared by reason of the disquietness of my heart.
Proverbs 14:28	In the multitude of people is the king’s honor: but in the want of people is the destruction of the prince.
Isaiah 36:17	Until I come and take you away to a land like your own land, a land of corn and wine, a land of bread and vineyards.
Judges 7:5	So he brought down the people to the water: and the LORD said to Gideon, Every one that laps of the water with his tongue, as a dog laps, him shall you set by himself; likewise every one that bows down on his knees to drink.
Malachi 2:5	My covenant was with him of life and peace; and I gave them to him for the fear with which he feared me, and was afraid before my name.
1 Kings 22:9	Then the king of Israel called an officer, and said, Hasten here Micaiah the son of Imlah.
3 John 1:8	We therefore ought to receive such, that we might be fellow helpers to the truth.
Psalm 129:2	Many a time have they afflicted me from my youth: yet they have not prevailed against me.
Proverbs 28:26	He that trusts in his own heart is a fool: but whoever walks wisely, he shall be delivered.
Micah 1:8	Therefore I will wail and howl, I will go stripped and naked: I will make a wailing like the dragons, and mourning as the owls.
Numbers 26:19	The sons of Judah were Er and Onan: and Er and Onan died in the land of Canaan.
Deuteronomy 22:17	And, see, he has given occasions of speech against her, saying, I found not your daughter a maid; and yet these are the tokens of my daughter’s virginity. And they shall spread the cloth before the elders of the city.
Mark 10:47	And when he heard that it was Jesus of Nazareth, he began to cry out, and say, Jesus, you son of David, have mercy on me.
Proverbs 11:2	When pride comes, then comes shame: but with the lowly is wisdom.
John 19:23	Then the soldiers, when they had crucified Jesus, took his garments, and made four parts, to every soldier a part; and also his coat: now the coat was without seam, woven from the top throughout.
Ezekiel 1:2	In the fifth day of the month, which was the fifth year of king Jehoiachin’s captivity,
Judges 7:23	And the men of Israel gathered themselves together out of Naphtali, and out of Asher, and out of all Manasseh, and pursued after the Midianites.
Proverbs 19:3	The foolishness of man perverts his way: and his heart frets against the LORD.
Acts 25:14	And when they had been there many days, Festus declared Paul’s cause to the king, saying, There is a certain man left in bonds by Felix:
John 17:4	I have glorified you on the earth: I have finished the work which you gave me to do.
2 Kings 22:16	Thus said the LORD, Behold, I will bring evil on this place, and on the inhabitants thereof, even all the words of the book which the king of Judah has read:
Psalm 105:11	Saying, To you will I give the land of Canaan, the lot of your inheritance:
Luke 17:15	And one of them, when he saw that he was healed, turned back, and with a loud voice glorified God,
Ezra 10:42	Shallum, Amariah, and Joseph.
Numbers 21:33	And they turned and went up by the way of Bashan: and Og the king of Bashan went out against them, he, and all his people, to the battle at Edrei.
Judges 11:34	And Jephthah came to Mizpeh to his house, and, behold, his daughter came out to meet him with tambourines and with dances: and she was his only child; beside her he had neither son nor daughter.
Luke 16:15	And he said to them, You are they which justify yourselves before men; but God knows your hearts: for that which is highly esteemed among men is abomination in the sight of God.
Ezekiel 16:12	And I put a jewel on your forehead, and earrings in your ears, and a beautiful crown on your head.
Mark 12:3	And they caught him, and beat him, and sent him away empty.
Ezekiel 25:2	Son of man, set your face against the Ammonites, and prophesy against them;
Hebrews 11:36	And others had trial of cruel mockings and scourgings, yes, moreover of bonds and imprisonment:
Micah 5:11	And I will cut off the cities of your land, and throw down all your strong holds:
Deuteronomy 32:31	For their rock is not as our Rock, even our enemies themselves being judges.
2 Samuel 23:31	Abialbon the Arbathite, Azmaveth the Barhumite,
Leviticus 20:5	Then I will set my face against that man, and against his family, and will cut him off, and all that go a whoring after him, to commit prostitution with Molech, from among their people.
Ruth 4:4	And I thought to advertise you, saying, Buy it before the inhabitants, and before the elders of my people. If you will redeem it, redeem it: but if you will not redeem it, then tell me, that I may know: for there is none to redeem it beside you; and I am after you. And he said, I will redeem it.
Luke 7:48	And he said to her, Your sins are forgiven.
John 13:29	For some of them thought, because Judas had the bag, that Jesus had said to him, Buy those things that we have need of against the feast; or, that he should give something to the poor.
Proverbs 27:1	Boast not yourself of to morrow; for you know not what a day may bring forth.
Numbers 4:20	But they shall not go in to see when the holy things are covered, lest they die.
John 17:3	And this is life eternal, that they might know you the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom you have sent.
Lamentations 3:24	The LORD is my portion, said my soul; therefore will I hope in him.
1 Chronicles 11:46	Eliel the Mahavite, and Jeribai, and Joshaviah, the sons of Elnaam, and Ithmah the Moabite,
Psalm 145:20	The LORD preserves all them that love him: but all the wicked will he destroy.
Daniel 5:16	And I have heard of you, that you can make interpretations, and dissolve doubts: now if you can read the writing, and make known to me the interpretation thereof, you shall be clothed with scarlet, and have a chain of gold about your neck, and shall be the third ruler in the kingdom.
Matthew 27:17	Therefore when they were gathered together, Pilate said to them, Whom will you that I release to you? Barabbas, or Jesus which is called Christ?
Joshua 6:2	And the LORD said to Joshua, See, I have given into your hand Jericho, and the king thereof, and the mighty men of valor.
Ezekiel 21:24	Therefore thus said the Lord GOD; Because you have made your iniquity to be remembered, in that your transgressions are discovered, so that in all your doings your sins do appear; because, I say, that you are come to remembrance, you shall be taken with the hand.
2 Corinthians 10:17	But he that glories, let him glory in the Lord.
Isaiah 12:5	Sing to the LORD; for he has done excellent things: this is known in all the earth.
2 Kings 16:14	And he brought also the brazen altar, which was before the LORD, from the forefront of the house, from between the altar and the house of the LORD, and put it on the north side of the altar.
2 Kings 16:16	Thus did Urijah the priest, according to all that king Ahaz commanded.
Matthew 17:18	And Jesus rebuked the devil; and he departed out of him: and the child was cured from that very hour.
Job 6:18	The paths of their way are turned aside; they go to nothing, and perish.
Daniel 2:19	Then was the secret revealed to Daniel in a night vision. Then Daniel blessed the God of heaven.
Exodus 37:10	And he made the table of shittim wood: two cubits was the length thereof, and a cubit the breadth thereof, and a cubit and a half the height thereof:
Isaiah 1:8	And the daughter of Zion is left as a cottage in a vineyard, as a lodge in a garden of cucumbers, as a besieged city.
Exodus 21:31	Whether he have gored a son, or have gored a daughter, according to this judgment shall it be done to him.
Ephesians 4:8	Why he said, When he ascended up on high, he led captivity captive, and gave gifts to men.
Deuteronomy 21:19	Then shall his father and his mother lay hold on him, and bring him out to the elders of his city, and to the gate of his place;
1 Kings 2:6	Do therefore according to your wisdom, and let not his hoar head go down to the grave in peace.
Ezekiel 16:52	You also, which have judged your sisters, bear your own shame for your sins that you have committed more abominable than they: they are more righteous than you: yes, be you confounded also, and bear your shame, in that you have justified your sisters.
Job 1:18	While he was yet speaking, there came also another, and said, Your sons and your daughters were eating and drinking wine in their oldest brother’s house:
Job 41:19	Out of his mouth go burning lamps, and sparks of fire leap out.
Matthew 11:9	But what went you out for to see? A prophet? yes, I say to you, and more than a prophet.
Job 12:24	He takes away the heart of the chief of the people of the earth, and causes them to wander in a wilderness where there is no way.
Jeremiah 28:15	Then said the prophet Jeremiah to Hananiah the prophet, Hear now, Hananiah; The LORD has not sent you; but you make this people to trust in a lie.
2 Corinthians 11:7	Have I committed an offense in abasing myself that you might be exalted, because I have preached to you the gospel of God freely?
2 Kings 12:21	For Jozachar the son of Shimeath, and Jehozabad the son of Shomer, his servants, smote him, and he died; and they buried him with his fathers in the city of David: and Amaziah his son reigned in his stead.
1 Kings 4:5	And Azariah the son of Nathan was over the officers: and Zabud the son of Nathan was principal officer, and the king’s friend:
2 Timothy 2:11	It is a faithful saying: For if we be dead with him, we shall also live with him:
1 Corinthians 15:9	For I am the least of the apostles, that am not meet to be called an apostle, because I persecuted the church of God.
1 Samuel 24:10	Behold, this day your eyes have seen how that the LORD had delivered you to day into my hand in the cave: and some bade me kill you: but my eye spared you; and I said, I will not put forth my hand against my lord; for he is the LORD’s anointed.
2 Corinthians 10:8	For though I should boast somewhat more of our authority, which the Lord has given us for edification, and not for your destruction, I should not be ashamed:
Isaiah 45:22	Look to me, and be you saved, all the ends of the earth: for I am God, and there is none else.
Nehemiah 11:4	And at Jerusalem dwelled certain of the children of Judah, and of the children of Benjamin. Of the children of Judah; Athaiah the son of Uzziah, the son of Zechariah, the son of Amariah, the son of Shephatiah, the son of Mahalaleel, of the children of Perez;
John 6:6	And this he said to prove him: for he himself knew what he would do.
Genesis 13:17	Arise, walk through the land in the length of it and in the breadth of it; for I will give it to you.
Proverbs 8:1	Does not wisdom cry? and understanding put forth her voice?
Jeremiah 40:10	As for me, behold, I will dwell at Mizpah, to serve the Chaldeans, which will come to us: but you, gather you wine, and summer fruits, and oil, and put them in your vessels, and dwell in your cities that you have taken.
Mark 6:37	He answered and said to them, Give you them to eat. And they say to him, Shall we go and buy two hundred pennyworth of bread, and give them to eat?
Psalm 62:3	How long will you imagine mischief against a man? you shall be slain all of you: as a bowing wall shall you be, and as a tottering fence.
Ezekiel 7:1	Moreover the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
2 Kings 17:11	And there they burnt incense in all the high places, as did the heathen whom the LORD carried away before them; and worked wicked things to provoke the LORD to anger:
Hosea 4:12	My people ask counsel at their stocks, and their staff declares to them: for the spirit of prostitutions has caused them to err, and they have gone a whoring from under their God.
2 Chronicles 34:4	And they broke down the altars of Baalim in his presence; and the images, that were on high above them, he cut down; and the groves, and the carved images, and the molten images, he broke in pieces, and made dust of them, and strewed it on the graves of them that had sacrificed to them.
Revelation 5:1	And I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside, sealed with seven seals.
Isaiah 44:19	And none considers in his heart, neither is there knowledge nor understanding to say, I have burned part of it in the fire; yes, also I have baked bread on the coals thereof; I have roasted flesh, and eaten it: and shall I make the residue thereof an abomination? shall I fall down to the stock of a tree?
1 Samuel 20:20	And I will shoot three arrows on the side thereof, as though I shot at a mark.
Mark 13:8	For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be earthquakes in divers places, and there shall be famines and troubles: these are the beginnings of sorrows.
Psalm 112:3	Wealth and riches shall be in his house: and his righteousness endures for ever.
1 Samuel 24:19	For if a man find his enemy, will he let him go well away? why the LORD reward you good for that you have done to me this day.
Numbers 34:11	And the coast shall go down from Shepham to Riblah, on the east side of Ain; and the border shall descend, and shall reach to the side of the sea of Chinnereth eastward:
Esther 5:11	And Haman told them of the glory of his riches, and the multitude of his children, and all the things wherein the king had promoted him, and how he had advanced him above the princes and servants of the king.
John 8:14	Jesus answered and said to them, Though I bear record of myself, yet my record is true: for I know from where I came, and where I go; but you cannot tell from where I come, and where I go.
Exodus 31:12	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Isaiah 25:11	And he shall spread forth his hands in the middle of them, as he that swims spreads forth his hands to swim: and he shall bring down their pride together with the spoils of their hands.
1 Chronicles 5:23	And the children of the half tribe of Manasseh dwelled in the land: they increased from Bashan to Baalhermon and Senir, and to mount Hermon.
2 Chronicles 34:11	Even to the artificers and builders gave they it, to buy hewn stone, and timber for couplings, and to floor the houses which the kings of Judah had destroyed.
1 Kings 12:30	And this thing became a sin: for the people went to worship before the one, even to Dan.
Matthew 8:16	When the even was come, they brought to him many that were possessed with devils: and he cast out the spirits with his word, and healed all that were sick:
Joshua 19:37	And Kedesh, and Edrei, and Enhazor,
Colossians 1:5	For the hope which is laid up for you in heaven, whereof you heard before in the word of the truth of the gospel;
Isaiah 2:20	In that day a man shall cast his idols of silver, and his idols of gold, which they made each one for himself to worship, to the moles and to the bats;
Amos 7:4	Thus has the Lord GOD showed to me: and, behold, the Lord GOD called to contend by fire, and it devoured the great deep, and did eat up a part.
1 Chronicles 22:10	He shall build an house for my name; and he shall be my son, and I will be his father; and I will establish the throne of his kingdom over Israel for ever.
1 Samuel 17:35	And I went out after him, and smote him, and delivered it out of his mouth: and when he arose against me, I caught him by his beard, and smote him, and slew him.
Ezekiel 31:18	To whom are you thus like in glory and in greatness among the trees of Eden? yet shall you be brought down with the trees of Eden to the nether parts of the earth: you shall lie in the middle of the uncircumcised with them that be slain by the sword. This is Pharaoh and all his multitude, said the Lord GOD.
1 Corinthians 5:8	Therefore let us keep the feast, not with old leaven, neither with the leaven of malice and wickedness; but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth.
Judges 5:4	LORD, when you went out of Seir, when you marched out of the field of Edom, the earth trembled, and the heavens dropped, the clouds also dropped water.
Ezekiel 15:2	Son of man, what is the vine tree more than any tree, or than a branch which is among the trees of the forest?
2 Samuel 19:11	And king David sent to Zadok and to Abiathar the priests, saying, Speak to the elders of Judah, saying, Why are you the last to bring the king back to his house? seeing the speech of all Israel is come to the king, even to his house.
Jeremiah 7:14	Therefore will I do to this house, which is called by my name, wherein you trust, and to the place which I gave to you and to your fathers, as I have done to Shiloh.
Revelation 2:9	I know your works, and tribulation, and poverty, (but you are rich) and I know the blasphemy of them which say they are Jews, and are not, but are the synagogue of Satan.
Psalm 61:2	From the end of the earth will I cry to you, when my heart is overwhelmed: lead me to the rock that is higher than I.
Matthew 9:34	But the Pharisees said, He casts out devils through the prince of the devils.
Psalm 16:6	The lines are fallen to me in pleasant places; yes, I have a goodly heritage.
Romans 15:6	That you may with one mind and one mouth glorify God, even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Genesis 21:4	And Abraham circumcised his son Isaac being eight days old, as God had commanded him.
2 Kings 23:8	And he brought all the priests out of the cities of Judah, and defiled the high places where the priests had burned incense, from Geba to Beersheba, and broke down the high places of the gates that were in the entering in of the gate of Joshua the governor of the city, which were on a man’s left hand at the gate of the city.
Proverbs 22:15	Foolishness is bound in the heart of a child; but the rod of correction shall drive it far from him.
Matthew 12:23	And all the people were amazed, and said, Is not this the son of David?
Psalm 18:46	The LORD lives; and blessed be my rock; and let the God of my salvation be exalted.
John 7:21	Jesus answered and said to them, I have done one work, and you all marvel.
2 Peter 2:8	(For that righteous man dwelling among them, in seeing and hearing, vexed his righteous soul from day to day with their unlawful deeds;)
Hosea 4:1	Hear the word of the LORD, you children of Israel: for the LORD has a controversy with the inhabitants of the land, because there is no truth, nor mercy, nor knowledge of God in the land.
Luke 24:43	And he took it, and did eat before them.
Numbers 30:7	And her husband heard it, and held his peace at her in the day that he heard it: then her vows shall stand, and her bonds with which she bound her soul shall stand.
Amos 5:4	For thus said the LORD to the house of Israel, Seek you me, and you shall live:
Acts 23:13	And they were more than forty which had made this conspiracy.
Matthew 2:6	And you Bethlehem, in the land of Juda, are not the least among the princes of Juda: for out of you shall come a Governor, that shall rule my people Israel.
Psalm 38:22	Make haste to help me, O Lord my salvation.
Proverbs 24:7	Wisdom is too high for a fool: he opens not his mouth in the gate.
Numbers 16:23	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Colossians 3:4	When Christ, who is our life, shall appear, then shall you also appear with him in glory.
Ezekiel 14:17	Or if I bring a sword on that land, and say, Sword, go through the land; so that I cut off man and beast from it:
1 Chronicles 6:32	And they ministered before the dwelling place of the tabernacle of the congregation with singing, until Solomon had built the house of the LORD in Jerusalem: and then they waited on their office according to their order.
2 Chronicles 28:5	Why the LORD his God delivered him into the hand of the king of Syria; and they smote him, and carried away a great multitude of them captives, and brought them to Damascus. And he was also delivered into the hand of the king of Israel, who smote him with a great slaughter.
Luke 23:26	And as they led him away, they laid hold on one Simon, a Cyrenian, coming out of the country, and on him they laid the cross, that he might bear it after Jesus.
Isaiah 3:23	The glasses, and the fine linen, and the hoods, and the veils.
1 Samuel 1:23	And Elkanah her husband said to her, Do what seems you good; tarry until you have weaned him; only the LORD establish his word. So the woman stayed, and gave her son suck until she weaned him.
Isaiah 51:11	Therefore the redeemed of the LORD shall return, and come with singing to Zion; and everlasting joy shall be on their head: they shall obtain gladness and joy; and sorrow and mourning shall flee away.
Zechariah 1:18	Then lifted I up my eyes, and saw, and behold four horns.
Deuteronomy 29:16	(For you know how we have dwelled in the land of Egypt; and how we came through the nations which you passed by;
Matthew 12:30	He that is not with me is against me; and he that gathers not with me scatters abroad.
Nehemiah 12:7	Sallu, Amok, Hilkiah, Jedaiah. These were the chief of the priests and of their brothers in the days of Jeshua.
Psalm 75:2	When I shall receive the congregation I will judge uprightly.
Numbers 4:18	Cut you not off the tribe of the families of the Kohathites from among the Levites:
Acts 19:28	And when they heard these sayings, they were full of wrath, and cried out, saying, Great is Diana of the Ephesians.
Isaiah 7:18	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the LORD shall hiss for the fly that is in the uttermost part of the rivers of Egypt, and for the bee that is in the land of Assyria.
Ezekiel 45:10	You shall have just balances, and a just ephah, and a just bath.
Isaiah 28:18	And your covenant with death shall be disannulled, and your agreement with hell shall not stand; when the overflowing whip shall pass through, then you shall be trodden down by it.
Zechariah 13:2	And it shall come to pass in that day, said the LORD of hosts, that I will cut off the names of the idols out of the land, and they shall no more be remembered: and also I will cause the prophets and the unclean spirit to pass out of the land.
Exodus 35:33	And in the cutting of stones, to set them, and in carving of wood, to make any manner of cunning work.
Joshua 18:14	And the border was drawn there, and compassed the corner of the sea southward, from the hill that lies before Bethhoron southward; and the goings out thereof were at Kirjathbaal, which is Kirjathjearim, a city of the children of Judah: this was the west quarter.
1 Kings 6:10	And then he built chambers against all the house, five cubits high: and they rested on the house with timber of cedar.
Matthew 7:2	For with what judgment you judge, you shall be judged: and with what measure you mete, it shall be measured to you again.
Daniel 8:24	And his power shall be mighty, but not by his own power: and he shall destroy wonderfully, and shall prosper, and practice, and shall destroy the mighty and the holy people.
2 Kings 23:23	But in the eighteenth year of king Josiah, wherein this passover was held to the LORD in Jerusalem.
1 Samuel 3:8	And the LORD called Samuel again the third time. And he arose and went to Eli, and said, Here am I; for you did call me. And Eli perceived that the LORD had called the child.
Ephesians 3:20	Now to him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that works in us,
James 1:12	Blessed is the man that endures temptation: for when he is tried, he shall receive the crown of life, which the Lord has promised to them that love him.
Daniel 11:1	Also I in the first year of Darius the Mede, even I, stood to confirm and to strengthen him.
1 Corinthians 10:4	And did all drink the same spiritual drink: for they drank of that spiritual Rock that followed them: and that Rock was Christ.
2 Chronicles 29:19	Moreover all the vessels, which king Ahaz in his reign did cast away in his transgression, have we prepared and sanctified, and, behold, they are before the altar of the LORD.
1 Chronicles 26:7	The sons of Shemaiah; Othni, and Rephael, and Obed, Elzabad, whose brothers were strong men, Elihu, and Semachiah.
Micah 7:8	Rejoice not against me, O my enemy: when I fall, I shall arise; when I sit in darkness, the LORD shall be a light to me.
Exodus 39:9	It was foursquare; they made the breastplate double: a span was the length thereof, and a span the breadth thereof, being doubled.
Deuteronomy 8:4	Your raiment waxed not old on you, neither did your foot swell, these forty years.
Psalm 65:11	You crown the year with your goodness; and your paths drop fatness.
1 Chronicles 1:10	And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be mighty on the earth.
Zechariah 2:6	Ho, ho, come forth, and flee from the land of the north, said the LORD: for I have spread you abroad as the four winds of the heaven, said the LORD.
2 Timothy 2:26	And that they may recover themselves out of the snare of the devil, who are taken captive by him at his will.
John 17:10	And all my are yours, and your are mine; and I am glorified in them.
2 Chronicles 25:24	And he took all the gold and the silver, and all the vessels that were found in the house of God with Obededom, and the treasures of the king’s house, the hostages also, and returned to Samaria.
2 Chronicles 4:10	And he set the sea on the right side of the east end, over against the south.
1 John 5:16	If any man see his brother sin a sin which is not to death, he shall ask, and he shall give him life for them that sin not to death. There is a sin to death: I do not say that he shall pray for it.
2 Kings 7:3	And there were four leprous men at the entering in of the gate: and they said one to another, Why sit we here until we die?
Psalm 56:3	What time I am afraid, I will trust in you.
2 Kings 18:11	And the king of Assyria did carry away Israel to Assyria, and put them in Halah and in Habor by the river of Gozan, and in the cities of the Medes:
Numbers 4:34	And Moses and Aaron and the chief of the congregation numbered the sons of the Kohathites after their families, and after the house of their fathers,
1 Samuel 1:17	Then Eli answered and said, Go in peace: and the God of Israel grant you your petition that you have asked of him.
Colossians 2:23	Which things have indeed a show of wisdom in will worship, and humility, and neglecting of the body: not in any honor to the satisfying of the flesh.
Matthew 10:42	And whoever shall give to drink to one of these little ones a cup of cold water only in the name of a disciple, truly I say to you, he shall in no wise lose his reward.
Acts 17:17	Therefore disputed he in the synagogue with the Jews, and with the devout persons, and in the market daily with them that met with him.
1 Samuel 12:19	And all the people said to Samuel, Pray for your servants to the LORD your God, that we die not: for we have added to all our sins this evil, to ask us a king.
Ezekiel 10:13	As for the wheels, it was cried to them in my hearing, O wheel.
Judges 20:35	And the LORD smote Benjamin before Israel: and the children of Israel destroyed of the Benjamites that day twenty and five thousand and an hundred men: all these drew the sword.
1 Timothy 6:5	Perverse disputings of men of corrupt minds, and destitute of the truth, supposing that gain is godliness: from such withdraw yourself.
Matthew 1:5	And Salmon begat Booz of Rachab; and Booz begat Obed of Ruth; and Obed begat Jesse;
Nehemiah 13:26	Did not Solomon king of Israel sin by these things? yet among many nations was there no king like him, who was beloved of his God, and God made him king over all Israel: nevertheless even him did outlandish women cause to sin.
Leviticus 11:40	And he that eats of the carcass of it shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even: he also that bears the carcass of it shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even.
Ecclesiastes 5:7	For in the multitude of dreams and many words there are also divers vanities: but fear you God.
Numbers 12:12	Let her not be as one dead, of whom the flesh is half consumed when he comes out of his mother’s womb.
Proverbs 24:6	For by wise counsel you shall make your war: and in multitude of counsellors there is safety.
Judges 11:18	Then they went along through the wilderness, and compassed the land of Edom, and the land of Moab, and came by the east side of the land of Moab, and pitched on the other side of Arnon, but came not within the border of Moab: for Arnon was the border of Moab.
Luke 5:28	And he left all, rose up, and followed him.
Psalm 119:132	Look you on me, and be merciful to me, as you use to do to those that love your name.
Titus 2:15	These things speak, and exhort, and rebuke with all authority. Let no man despise you.
1 Samuel 27:5	And David said to Achish, If I have now found grace in your eyes, let them give me a place in some town in the country, that I may dwell there: for why should your servant dwell in the royal city with you?
Acts 26:8	Why should it be thought a thing incredible with you, that God should raise the dead?
1 Samuel 17:38	And Saul armed David with his armor, and he put an helmet of brass on his head; also he armed him with a coat of mail.
Jeremiah 25:30	Therefore prophesy you against them all these words, and say to them, The LORD shall roar from on high, and utter his voice from his holy habitation; he shall mightily roar on his habitation; he shall give a shout, as they that tread the grapes, against all the inhabitants of the earth.
Leviticus 10:7	And you shall not go out from the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, lest you die: for the anointing oil of the LORD is on you. And they did according to the word of Moses.
Ruth 2:14	And Boaz said to her, At mealtime come you here, and eat of the bread, and dip your morsel in the vinegar. And she sat beside the reapers: and he reached her parched corn, and she did eat, and was sufficed, and left.
Mark 7:18	And he said to them, Are you so without understanding also? Do you not perceive, that whatever thing from without enters into the man, it cannot defile him;
Nahum 1:2	God is jealous, and the LORD revenges; the LORD revenges, and is furious; the LORD will take vengeance on his adversaries, and he reserves wrath for his enemies.
1 Samuel 26:17	And Saul knew David’s voice, and said, Is this your voice, my son David? And David said, It is my voice, my lord, O king.
Numbers 1:27	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Judah, were three score and fourteen thousand and six hundred.
John 1:11	He came to his own, and his own received him not.
Genesis 31:12	And he said, Lift up now your eyes, and see, all the rams which leap on the cattle are ringstraked, speckled, and spotted: for I have seen all that Laban does to you.
2 Peter 3:4	And saying, Where is the promise of his coming? for since the fathers fell asleep, all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation.
1 Samuel 15:35	And Samuel came no more to see Saul until the day of his death: nevertheless Samuel mourned for Saul: and the LORD repented that he had made Saul king over Israel.
Ezekiel 40:29	And the little chambers thereof, and the posts thereof, and the arches thereof, according to these measures: and there were windows in it and in the arches thereof round about: it was fifty cubits long, and five and twenty cubits broad.
Daniel 12:8	And I heard, but I understood not: then said I, O my Lord, what shall be the end of these things?
Psalm 102:10	Because of your indignation and your wrath: for you have lifted me up, and cast me down.
Ezra 3:2	Then stood up Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his brothers the priests, and Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and his brothers, and built the altar of the God of Israel, to offer burnt offerings thereon, as it is written in the law of Moses the man of God.
Acts 13:2	As they ministered to the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Ghost said, Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto I have called them.
1 Kings 8:36	Then hear you in heaven, and forgive the sin of your servants, and of your people Israel, that you teach them the good way wherein they should walk, and give rain on your land, which you have given to your people for an inheritance.
Exodus 28:27	And two other rings of gold you shall make, and shall put them on the two sides of the ephod underneath, toward the forepart thereof, over against the other coupling thereof, above the curious girdle of the ephod.
Jeremiah 13:12	Therefore you shall speak to them this word; Thus said the LORD God of Israel, Every bottle shall be filled with wine: and they shall say to you, Do we not certainly know that every bottle shall be filled with wine?
Psalm 125:2	As the mountains are round about Jerusalem, so the LORD is round about his people from now on even for ever.
Psalm 119:142	Your righteousness is an everlasting righteousness, and your law is the truth.
2 Peter 3:16	As also in all his letters, speaking in them of these things; in which are some things hard to be understood, which they that are unlearned and unstable wrest, as they do also the other scriptures, to their own destruction.
Hebrews 10:31	It is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God.
Numbers 7:34	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
Luke 22:15	And he said to them, With desire I have desired to eat this passover with you before I suffer:
Ezekiel 25:1	The word of the LORD came again to me, saying,
Zephaniah 1:16	A day of the trumpet and alarm against the fenced cities, and against the high towers.
Psalm 137:3	For there they that carried us away captive required of us a song; and they that wasted us required of us mirth, saying, Sing us one of the songs of Zion.
Jeremiah 51:33	For thus said the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; The daughter of Babylon is like a threshing floor, it is time to thresh her: yet a little while, and the time of her harvest shall come.
Exodus 39:36	The table, and all the vessels thereof, and the show bread,
1 Chronicles 21:28	At that time when David saw that the LORD had answered him in the threshing floor of Ornan the Jebusite, then he sacrificed there.
John 8:24	I said therefore to you, that you shall die in your sins: for if you believe not that I am he, you shall die in your sins.
Numbers 16:20	And the LORD spoke to Moses and to Aaron, saying,
2 Kings 4:17	And the woman conceived, and bore a son at that season that Elisha had said to her, according to the time of life.
Jeremiah 12:5	If you have run with the footmen, and they have wearied you, then how can you contend with horses? and if in the land of peace, wherein you trusted, they wearied you, then how will you do in the swelling of Jordan?
1 Chronicles 12:3	The chief was Ahiezer, then Joash, the sons of Shemaah the Gibeathite; and Jeziel, and Pelet, the sons of Azmaveth; and Berachah, and Jehu the Antothite.
Jeremiah 51:55	Because the LORD has spoiled Babylon, and destroyed out of her the great voice; when her waves do roar like great waters, a noise of their voice is uttered:
Luke 24:5	And as they were afraid, and bowed down their faces to the earth, they said to them, Why seek you the living among the dead?
Hosea 2:16	And it shall be at that day, said the LORD, that you shall call me Ishi; and shall call me no more Baali.
Jeremiah 4:26	I beheld, and, see, the fruitful place was a wilderness, and all the cities thereof were broken down at the presence of the LORD, and by his fierce anger.
Numbers 23:3	And Balaam said to Balak, Stand by your burnt offering, and I will go: peradventure the LORD will come to meet me: and whatever he shows me I will tell you. And he went to an high place.
2 Kings 15:26	And the rest of the acts of Pekahiah, and all that he did, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel.
Deuteronomy 21:15	If a man have two wives, one beloved, and another hated, and they have born him children, both the beloved and the hated; and if the firstborn son be hers that was hated:
1 Samuel 20:31	For as long as the son of Jesse lives on the ground, you shall not be established, nor your kingdom. Why now send and fetch him to me, for he shall surely die.
Numbers 1:6	Of Simeon; Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai.
1 Samuel 20:8	Therefore you shall deal kindly with your servant; for you have brought your servant into a covenant of the LORD with you: notwithstanding, if there be in me iniquity, slay me yourself; for why should you bring me to your father?
1 Samuel 17:42	And when the Philistine looked about, and saw David, he disdained him: for he was but a youth, and ruddy, and of a fair countenance.
Deuteronomy 32:51	Because you trespassed against me among the children of Israel at the waters of MeribahKadesh, in the wilderness of Zin; because you sanctified me not in the middle of the children of Israel.
Zephaniah 1:12	And it shall come to pass at that time, that I will search Jerusalem with candles, and punish the men that are settled on their lees: that say in their heart, The LORD will not do good, neither will he do evil.
1 Kings 19:19	So he departed there, and found Elisha the son of Shaphat, who was plowing with twelve yoke of oxen before him, and he with the twelfth: and Elijah passed by him, and cast his mantle on him.
2 Kings 10:21	And Jehu sent through all Israel: and all the worshippers of Baal came, so that there was not a man left that came not. And they came into the house of Baal; and the house of Baal was full from one end to another.
Genesis 40:22	But he hanged the chief baker: as Joseph had interpreted to them.
Psalm 18:6	In my distress I called on the LORD, and cried to my God: he heard my voice out of his temple, and my cry came before him, even into his ears.
2 Chronicles 34:20	And the king commanded Hilkiah, and Ahikam the son of Shaphan, and Abdon the son of Micah, and Shaphan the scribe, and Asaiah a servant of the king’s, saying,
1 Chronicles 2:30	And the sons of Nadab; Seled, and Appaim: but Seled died without children.
Psalm 100:3	Know you that the LORD he is God: it is he that has made us, and not we ourselves; we are his people, and the sheep of his pasture.
Genesis 40:5	And they dreamed a dream both of them, each man his dream in one night, each man according to the interpretation of his dream, the butler and the baker of the king of Egypt, which were bound in the prison.
Exodus 18:16	When they have a matter, they come to me; and I judge between one and another, and I do make them know the statutes of God, and his laws.
Isaiah 16:7	Therefore shall Moab howl for Moab, every one shall howl: for the foundations of Kirhareseth shall you mourn; surely they are stricken.
Numbers 22:11	Behold, there is a people come out of Egypt, which covers the face of the earth: come now, curse me them; peradventure I shall be able to overcome them, and drive them out.
Nehemiah 7:30	The men of Ramah and Gaba, six hundred twenty and one.
Deuteronomy 23:12	You shall have a place also without the camp, where you shall go forth abroad:
Genesis 5:24	And Enoch walked with God: and he was not; for God took him.
Exodus 30:36	And you shall beat some of it very small, and put of it before the testimony in the tabernacle of the congregation, where I will meet with you: it shall be to you most holy.
Ezekiel 20:4	Will you judge them, son of man, will you judge them? cause them to know the abominations of their fathers:
Genesis 42:3	And Joseph’s ten brothers went down to buy corn in Egypt.
Lamentations 3:33	For he does not afflict willingly nor grieve the children of men.
Revelation 19:7	Let us be glad and rejoice, and give honor to him: for the marriage of the Lamb is come, and his wife has made herself ready.
Joshua 15:29	Baalah, and Iim, and Azem,
Ezekiel 14:6	Therefore say to the house of Israel, Thus said the Lord GOD; Repent, and turn yourselves from your idols; and turn away your faces from all your abominations.
2 Kings 11:19	And he took the rulers over hundreds, and the captains, and the guard, and all the people of the land; and they brought down the king from the house of the LORD, and came by the way of the gate of the guard to the king’s house. And he sat on the throne of the kings.
Ezekiel 44:11	Yet they shall be ministers in my sanctuary, having charge at the gates of the house, and ministering to the house: they shall slay the burnt offering and the sacrifice for the people, and they shall stand before them to minister to them.
Proverbs 9:11	For by me your days shall be multiplied, and the years of your life shall be increased.
2 Chronicles 30:3	For they could not keep it at that time, because the priests had not sanctified themselves sufficiently, neither had the people gathered themselves together to Jerusalem.
1 Samuel 17:32	And David said to Saul, Let no man’s heart fail because of him; your servant will go and fight with this Philistine.
Psalm 145:5	I will speak of the glorious honor of your majesty, and of your wondrous works.
Ezekiel 24:16	Son of man, behold, I take away from you the desire of your eyes with a stroke: yet neither shall you mourn nor weep, neither shall your tears run down.
John 13:13	You call me Master and Lord: and you say well; for so I am.
Proverbs 10:2	Treasures of wickedness profit nothing: but righteousness delivers from death.
John 4:46	So Jesus came again into Cana of Galilee, where he made the water wine. And there was a certain nobleman, whose son was sick at Capernaum.
Mark 12:31	And the second is like, namely this, You shall love your neighbor as yourself. There is none other commandment greater than these.
Job 10:16	For it increases. You hunt me as a fierce lion: and again you show yourself marvelous on me.
2 Chronicles 9:19	And twelve lions stood there on the one side and on the other on the six steps. There was not the like made in any kingdom.
Deuteronomy 14:17	And the pelican, and the gier eagle, and the cormorant,
Romans 6:1	What shall we say then? Shall we continue in sin, that grace may abound?
Numbers 3:10	And you shall appoint Aaron and his sons, and they shall wait on their priest’s office: and the stranger that comes near shall be put to death.
Numbers 6:9	And if any man die very suddenly by him, and he has defiled the head of his consecration; then he shall shave his head in the day of his cleansing, on the seventh day shall he shave it.
Song of Solomon 6:1	Where is your beloved gone, O you fairest among women? where is your beloved turned aside? that we may seek him with you.
Mark 13:25	And the stars of heaven shall fall, and the powers that are in heaven shall be shaken.
2 Kings 4:29	Then he said to Gehazi, Gird up your loins, and take my staff in your hand, and go your way: if you meet any man, salute him not; and if any salute you, answer him not again: and lay my staff on the face of the child.
Judges 8:30	And Gideon had three score and ten sons of his body begotten: for he had many wives.
Isaiah 19:8	The fishers also shall mourn, and all they that cast angle into the brooks shall lament, and they that spread nets on the waters shall languish.
Joshua 19:41	And the coast of their inheritance was Zorah, and Eshtaol, and Irshemesh,
Hosea 7:6	For they have made ready their heart like an oven, whiles they lie in wait: their baker sleeps all the night; in the morning it burns as a flaming fire.
Proverbs 31:24	She makes fine linen, and sells it; and delivers girdles to the merchant.
Deuteronomy 31:17	Then my anger shall be kindled against them in that day, and I will forsake them, and I will hide my face from them, and they shall be devoured, and many evils and troubles shall befall them; so that they will say in that day, Are not these evils come on us, because our God is not among us?
Ezekiel 39:16	And also the name of the city shall be Hamonah. Thus shall they cleanse the land.
Genesis 5:7	And Seth lived after he begat Enos eight hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters:
John 6:67	Then said Jesus to the twelve, Will you also go away?
2 Samuel 14:32	And Absalom answered Joab, Behold, I sent to you, saying, Come here, that I may send you to the king, to say, Why am I come from Geshur? it had been good for me to have been there still: now therefore let me see the king’s face; and if there be any iniquity in me, let him kill me.
Proverbs 12:22	Lying lips are abomination to the LORD: but they that deal truly are his delight.
Proverbs 29:19	A servant will not be corrected by words: for though he understand he will not answer.
Deuteronomy 6:12	Then beware lest you forget the LORD, which brought you forth out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage.
Numbers 2:20	And by him shall be the tribe of Manasseh: and the captain of the children of Manasseh shall be Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur.
Psalm 118:10	All nations compassed me about: but in the name of the LORD will I destroy them.
Matthew 27:37	And set up over his head his accusation written, THIS IS JESUS THE KING OF THE JEWS.
Joshua 10:13	And the sun stood still, and the moon stayed, until the people had avenged themselves on their enemies. Is not this written in the book of Jasher? So the sun stood still in the middle of heaven, and hurried not to go down about a whole day.
Deuteronomy 3:9	(Which Hermon the Sidonians call Sirion; and the Amorites call it Shenir;)
Matthew 22:23	The same day came to him the Sadducees, which say that there is no resurrection, and asked him,
Psalm 104:15	And wine that makes glad the heart of man, and oil to make his face to shine, and bread which strengthens man’s heart.
Romans 5:16	And not as it was by one that sinned, so is the gift: for the judgment was by one to condemnation, but the free gift is of many offenses to justification.
Job 34:16	If now you have understanding, hear this: listen to the voice of my words.
Judges 3:14	So the children of Israel served Eglon the king of Moab eighteen years.
Mark 10:14	But when Jesus saw it, he was much displeased, and said to them, Suffer the little children to come to me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God.
Joshua 21:21	For they gave them Shechem with her suburbs in mount Ephraim, to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and Gezer with her suburbs,
1 Samuel 2:14	And he struck it into the pan, or kettle, or caldron, or pot; all that the meat hook brought up the priest took for himself. So they did in Shiloh to all the Israelites that came thither.
Zechariah 3:1	And he showed me Joshua the high priest standing before the angel of the LORD, and Satan standing at his right hand to resist him.
Leviticus 7:3	And he shall offer of it all the fat thereof; the rump, and the fat that covers the inwards,
Numbers 7:74	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:
Philippians 1:5	For your fellowship in the gospel from the first day until now;
Luke 1:43	And what is this to me, that the mother of my Lord should come to me?
Luke 7:28	For I say to you, Among those that are born of women there is not a greater prophet than John the Baptist: but he that is least in the kingdom of God is greater than he.
Job 35:10	But none said, Where is God my maker, who gives songs in the night;
Proverbs 10:5	He that gathers in summer is a wise son: but he that sleeps in harvest is a son that causes shame.
Ecclesiastes 1:16	I communed with my own heart, saying, See, I am come to great estate, and have gotten more wisdom than all they that have been before me in Jerusalem: yes, my heart had great experience of wisdom and knowledge.
Ezekiel 22:30	And I sought for a man among them, that should make up the hedge, and stand in the gap before me for the land, that I should not destroy it: but I found none.
Isaiah 45:15	Truly you are a God that hide yourself, O God of Israel, the Savior.
2 Kings 5:6	And he brought the letter to the king of Israel, saying, Now when this letter is come to you, behold, I have therewith sent Naaman my servant to you, that you may recover him of his leprosy.
Isaiah 11:4	But with righteousness shall he judge the poor, and reprove with equity for the meek of the earth: and he shall smite the earth: with the rod of his mouth, and with the breath of his lips shall he slay the wicked.
2 Corinthians 7:1	Having therefore these promises, dearly beloved, let us cleanse ourselves from all filthiness of the flesh and spirit, perfecting holiness in the fear of God.
Matthew 22:3	And sent forth his servants to call them that were bidden to the wedding: and they would not come.
Song of Solomon 4:11	Your lips, O my spouse, drop as the honeycomb: honey and milk are under your tongue; and the smell of your garments is like the smell of Lebanon.
Revelation 12:6	And the woman fled into the wilderness, where she has a place prepared of God, that they should feed her there a thousand two hundred and three score days.
Ezekiel 37:12	Therefore prophesy and say to them, Thus said the Lord GOD; Behold, O my people, I will open your graves, and cause you to come up out of your graves, and bring you into the land of Israel.
Numbers 26:32	And of Shemida, the family of the Shemidaites: and of Hepher, the family of the Hepherites.
1 Chronicles 21:22	Then David said to Ornan, Grant me the place of this threshing floor, that I may build an altar therein to the LORD: you shall grant it me for the full price: that the plague may be stayed from the people.
Job 35:3	For you said, What advantage will it be to you? and, What profit shall I have, if I be cleansed from my sin?
Joshua 8:32	And he wrote there on the stones a copy of the law of Moses, which he wrote in the presence of the children of Israel.
Proverbs 5:6	Lest you should ponder the path of life, her ways are moveable, that you can not know them.
1 Corinthians 1:26	For you see your calling, brothers, how that not many wise men after the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble, are called:
Psalm 16:7	I will bless the LORD, who has given me counsel: my reins also instruct me in the night seasons.
Revelation 19:19	And I saw the beast, and the kings of the earth, and their armies, gathered together to make war against him that sat on the horse, and against his army.
Numbers 1:29	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Issachar, were fifty and four thousand and four hundred.
Genesis 24:1	And Abraham was old, and well stricken in age: and the LORD had blessed Abraham in all things.
Judges 5:6	In the days of Shamgar the son of Anath, in the days of Jael, the highways were unoccupied, and the travelers walked through byways.
1 Chronicles 23:6	And David divided them into courses among the sons of Levi, namely, Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.
Luke 5:7	And they beckoned to their partners, which were in the other ship, that they should come and help them. And they came, and filled both the ships, so that they began to sink.
Luke 9:18	And it came to pass, as he was alone praying, his disciples were with him: and he asked them, saying, Whom say the people that I am?
Matthew 15:13	But he answered and said, Every plant, which my heavenly Father has not planted, shall be rooted up.
Proverbs 12:12	The wicked desires the net of evil men: but the root of the righteous yields fruit.
Leviticus 26:13	I am the LORD your God, which brought you forth out of the land of Egypt, that you should not be their slaves; and I have broken the bands of your yoke, and made you go upright.
Esther 4:6	So Hatach went forth to Mordecai to the street of the city, which was before the king’s gate.
Psalm 81:8	Hear, O my people, and I will testify to you: O Israel, if you will listen to me;
Luke 23:4	Then said Pilate to the chief priests and to the people, I find no fault in this man.
Matthew 23:19	You fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gift, or the altar that sanctifies the gift?
Exodus 24:2	And Moses alone shall come near the LORD: but they shall not come near; neither shall the people go up with him.
1 Samuel 25:40	And when the servants of David were come to Abigail to Carmel, they spoke to her, saying, David sent us to you, to take you to him to wife.
Luke 2:45	And when they found him not, they turned back again to Jerusalem, seeking him.
Matthew 22:43	He said to them, How then does David in spirit call him Lord, saying,
Genesis 21:30	And he said, For these seven ewe lambs shall you take of my hand, that they may be a witness to me, that I have dig this well.
Joshua 11:11	And they smote all the souls that were therein with the edge of the sword, utterly destroying them: there was not any left to breathe: and he burnt Hazor with fire.
1 Corinthians 7:29	But this I say, brothers, the time is short: it remains, that both they that have wives be as though they had none;
Ezekiel 8:7	And he brought me to the door of the court; and when I looked, behold a hole in the wall.
Isaiah 42:3	A bruised reed shall he not break, and the smoking flax shall he not quench: he shall bring forth judgment to truth.
Jeremiah 34:14	At the end of seven years let you go every man his brother an Hebrew, which has been sold to you; and when he has served you six years, you shall let him go free from you: but your fathers listened not to me, neither inclined their ear.
1 Corinthians 2:10	But God has revealed them to us by his Spirit: for the Spirit searches all things, yes, the deep things of God.
2 Samuel 4:6	And they came thither into the middle of the house, as though they would have fetched wheat; and they smote him under the fifth rib: and Rechab and Baanah his brother escaped.
Job 6:23	Or, Deliver me from the enemy’s hand? or, Redeem me from the hand of the mighty?
John 15:11	These things have I spoken to you, that my joy might remain in you, and that your joy might be full.
Exodus 16:5	And it shall come to pass, that on the sixth day they shall prepare that which they bring in; and it shall be twice as much as they gather daily.
Job 16:13	His archers compass me round about, he splits my reins asunder, and does not spare; he pours out my gall on the ground.
Isaiah 10:21	The remnant shall return, even the remnant of Jacob, to the mighty God.
Ezekiel 39:5	You shall fall on the open field: for I have spoken it, said the Lord GOD.
2 Peter 1:3	According as his divine power has given to us all things that pertain to life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that has called us to glory and virtue:
Proverbs 30:17	The eye that mocks at his father, and despises to obey his mother, the ravens of the valley shall pick it out, and the young eagles shall eat it.
Ruth 4:13	So Boaz took Ruth, and she was his wife: and when he went in to her, the LORD gave her conception, and she bore a son.
Numbers 35:20	But if he thrust him of hatred, or hurl at him by laying of wait, that he die;
Luke 2:49	And he said to them, How is it that you sought me? knew you not that I must be about my Father’s business?
Jeremiah 8:6	I listened and heard, but they spoke not aright: no man repented him of his wickedness, saying, What have I done? every one turned to his course, as the horse rushes into the battle.
1 Peter 5:11	To him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.
Ezekiel 43:1	Afterward he brought me to the gate, even the gate that looks toward the east:
2 Chronicles 20:10	And now, behold, the children of Ammon and Moab and mount Seir, whom you would not let Israel invade, when they came out of the land of Egypt, but they turned from them, and destroyed them not;
Nehemiah 8:16	So the people went forth, and brought them, and made themselves booths, every one on the roof of his house, and in their courts, and in the courts of the house of God, and in the street of the water gate, and in the street of the gate of Ephraim.
Jeremiah 26:17	Then rose up certain of the elders of the land, and spoke to all the assembly of the people, saying,
Job 13:13	Hold your peace, let me alone, that I may speak, and let come on me what will.
Isaiah 45:24	Surely, shall one say, in the LORD have I righteousness and strength: even to him shall men come; and all that are incensed against him shall be ashamed.
Psalm 90:4	For a thousand years in your sight are but as yesterday when it is past, and as a watch in the night.
Mark 10:21	Then Jesus beholding him loved him, and said to him, One thing you lack: go your way, sell whatever you have, and give to the poor, and you shall have treasure in heaven: and come, take up the cross, and follow me.
Joshua 10:40	So Joshua smote all the country of the hills, and of the south, and of the vale, and of the springs, and all their kings: he left none remaining, but utterly destroyed all that breathed, as the LORD God of Israel commanded.
1 Samuel 25:6	And thus shall you say to him that lives in prosperity, Peace be both to you, and peace be to your house, and peace be to all that you have.
Isaiah 44:28	That said of Cyrus, He is my shepherd, and shall perform all my pleasure: even saying to Jerusalem, You shall be built; and to the temple, Your foundation shall be laid.
Genesis 10:29	And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab: all these were the sons of Joktan.
Acts 20:2	And when he had gone over those parts, and had given them much exhortation, he came into Greece,
Nehemiah 2:13	And I went out by night by the gate of the valley, even before the dragon well, and to the dung port, and viewed the walls of Jerusalem, which were broken down, and the gates thereof were consumed with fire.
Micah 1:13	O you inhabitant of Lachish, bind the chariot to the swift beast: she is the beginning of the sin to the daughter of Zion: for the transgressions of Israel were found in you.
1 Thessalonians 4:9	But as touching brotherly love you need not that I write to you: for you yourselves are taught of God to love one another.
John 18:7	Then asked he them again, Whom seek you? And they said, Jesus of Nazareth.
Genesis 31:46	And Jacob said to his brothers, Gather stones; and they took stones, and made an heap: and they did eat there on the heap.
Leviticus 8:24	And he brought Aaron’s sons, and Moses put of the blood on the tip of their right ear, and on the thumbs of their right hands, and on the great toes of their right feet: and Moses sprinkled the blood on the altar round about.
Jeremiah 1:3	It came also in the days of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, to the end of the eleventh year of Zedekiah the son of Josiah king of Judah, to the carrying away of Jerusalem captive in the fifth month.
Daniel 4:16	Let his heart be changed from man’s, and let a beast’s heart be given to him; and let seven times pass over him.
Job 10:14	If I sin, then you mark me, and you will not acquit me from my iniquity.
John 6:70	Jesus answered them, Have not I chosen you twelve, and one of you is a devil?
Lamentations 5:3	We are orphans and fatherless, our mothers are as widows.
Exodus 40:5	And you shall set the altar of gold for the incense before the ark of the testimony, and put the hanging of the door to the tabernacle.
Proverbs 14:8	The wisdom of the prudent is to understand his way: but the folly of fools is deceit.
Romans 6:23	For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.
Matthew 26:30	And when they had sung an hymn, they went out into the mount of Olives.
Isaiah 45:14	Thus said the LORD, The labor of Egypt, and merchandise of Ethiopia and of the Sabeans, men of stature, shall come over to you, and they shall be yours: they shall come after you; in chains they shall come over, and they shall fall down to you, they shall make supplication to you, saying, Surely God is in you; and there is none else, there is no God.
1 Samuel 25:38	And it came to pass about ten days after, that the LORD smote Nabal, that he died.
Jude 1:9	Yet Michael the archangel, when contending with the devil he disputed about the body of Moses, dared not bring against him a railing accusation, but said, The Lord rebuke you.
Ephesians 2:4	But God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love with which he loved us,
Daniel 9:19	O Lord, hear; O Lord, forgive; O Lord, listen and do; defer not, for your own sake, O my God: for your city and your people are called by your name.
Genesis 29:7	And he said, See, it is yet high day, neither is it time that the cattle should be gathered together: water you the sheep, and go and feed them.
Jeremiah 25:29	For, see, I begin to bring evil on the city which is called by my name, and should you be utterly unpunished? You shall not be unpunished: for I will call for a sword on all the inhabitants of the earth, said the LORD of hosts.
1 Chronicles 1:52	Duke Aholibamah, duke Elah, duke Pinon,
Genesis 31:37	Whereas you have searched all my stuff, what have you found of all your household stuff? set it here before my brothers and your brothers, that they may judge between us both.
1 Corinthians 10:16	The cup of blessing which we bless, is it not the communion of the blood of Christ? The bread which we break, is it not the communion of the body of Christ?
Jeremiah 39:9	Then Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried away captive into Babylon the remnant of the people that remained in the city, and those that fell away, that fell to him, with the rest of the people that remained.
Exodus 18:27	And Moses let his father in law depart; and he went his way into his own land.
Ezekiel 29:7	When they took hold of you by your hand, you did break, and rend all their shoulder: and when they leaned on you, you brake, and made all their loins to be at a stand.
Acts 10:32	Send therefore to Joppa, and call here Simon, whose surname is Peter; he is lodged in the house of one Simon a tanner by the sea side: who, when he comes, shall speak to you.
Ezra 2:58	All the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon’s servants, were three hundred ninety and two.
1 Chronicles 1:28	The sons of Abraham; Isaac, and Ishmael.
Judges 20:45	And they turned and fled toward the wilderness to the rock of Rimmon: and they gleaned of them in the highways five thousand men; and pursued hard after them to Gidom, and slew two thousand men of them.
Psalm 89:29	His seed also will I make to endure for ever, and his throne as the days of heaven.
Romans 9:23	And that he might make known the riches of his glory on the vessels of mercy, which he had before prepared to glory,
Ezekiel 23:22	Therefore, O Aholibah, thus said the Lord GOD; Behold, I will raise up your lovers against you, from whom your mind is alienated, and I will bring them against you on every side;
Psalm 72:15	And he shall live, and to him shall be given of the gold of Sheba: prayer also shall be made for him continually; and daily shall he be praised.
Judges 15:12	And they said to him, We are come down to bind you, that we may deliver you into the hand of the Philistines. And Samson said to them, Swear to me, that you will not fall on me yourselves.
Leviticus 21:6	They shall be holy to their God, and not profane the name of their God: for the offerings of the LORD made by fire, and the bread of their God, they do offer: therefore they shall be holy.
Acts 12:9	And he went out, and followed him; and knew not that it was true which was done by the angel; but thought he saw a vision.
Mark 14:35	And he went forward a little, and fell on the ground, and prayed that, if it were possible, the hour might pass from him.
John 7:12	And there was much murmuring among the people concerning him: for some said, He is a good man: others said, No; but he deceives the people.
Ezekiel 26:21	I will make you a terror, and you shall be no more: though you be sought for, yet shall you never be found again, said the Lord GOD.
Nahum 3:13	Behold, your people in the middle of you are women: the gates of your land shall be set wide open to your enemies: the fire shall devour your bars.
Ruth 4:18	Now these are the generations of Pharez: Pharez begat Hezron,
Matthew 25:34	Then shall the King say to them on his right hand, Come, you blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world:
Deuteronomy 1:36	Save Caleb the son of Jephunneh; he shall see it, and to him will I give the land that he has trodden on, and to his children, because he has wholly followed the LORD.
1 Samuel 10:14	And Saul’s uncle said to him and to his servant, Where went you? And he said, To seek the asses: and when we saw that they were no where, we came to Samuel.
Lamentations 3:28	He sits alone and keeps silence, because he has borne it on him.
1 Kings 21:7	And Jezebel his wife said to him, Do you now govern the kingdom of Israel? arise, and eat bread, and let your heart be merry: I will give you the vineyard of Naboth the Jezreelite.
Psalm 150:2	Praise him for his mighty acts: praise him according to his excellent greatness.
Genesis 19:33	And they made their father drink wine that night: and the firstborn went in, and lay with her father; and he perceived not when she lay down, nor when she arose.
1 Samuel 16:6	And it came to pass, when they were come, that he looked on Eliab, and said, Surely the LORD’s anointed is before him.
1 Chronicles 25:25	The eighteenth to Hanani, he, his sons, and his brothers, were twelve:
Ezekiel 42:18	He measured the south side, five hundred reeds, with the measuring reed.
2 Corinthians 2:16	To the one we are the smell of death to death; and to the other the smell of life to life. And who is sufficient for these things?
1 Samuel 17:31	And when the words were heard which David spoke, they rehearsed them before Saul: and he sent for him.
Psalm 139:18	If I should count them, they are more in number than the sand: when I awake, I am still with you.
Ezekiel 18:4	Behold, all souls are mine; as the soul of the father, so also the soul of the son is mine: the soul that sins, it shall die.
Luke 14:33	So likewise, whoever he be of you that forsakes not all that he has, he cannot be my disciple.
1 Corinthians 12:10	To another the working of miracles; to another prophecy; to another discerning of spirits; to another divers kinds of tongues; to another the interpretation of tongues:
Acts 13:48	And when the Gentiles heard this, they were glad, and glorified the word of the Lord: and as many as were ordained to eternal life believed.
1 Chronicles 1:37	The sons of Reuel; Nahath, Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah.
Psalm 78:22	Because they believed not in God, and trusted not in his salvation:
Exodus 36:30	And there were eight boards; and their sockets were sixteen sockets of silver, under every board two sockets.
Zechariah 10:2	For the idols have spoken vanity, and the diviners have seen a lie, and have told false dreams; they comfort in vain: therefore they went their way as a flock, they were troubled, because there was no shepherd.
John 6:54	Whoever eats my flesh, and drinks my blood, has eternal life; and I will raise him up at the last day.
Jeremiah 22:4	For if you do this thing indeed, then shall there enter in by the gates of this house kings sitting on the throne of David, riding in chariots and on horses, he, and his servants, and his people.
Leviticus 11:32	And on whatever any of them, when they are dead, does fall, it shall be unclean; whether it be any vessel of wood, or raiment, or skin, or sack, whatever vessel it be, wherein any work is done, it must be put into water, and it shall be unclean until the even; so it shall be cleansed.
Esther 4:10	Again Esther spoke to Hatach, and gave him commandment to Mordecai;
Leviticus 11:10	And all that have not fins and scales in the seas, and in the rivers, of all that move in the waters, and of any living thing which is in the waters, they shall be an abomination to you:
Genesis 40:1	And it came to pass after these things, that the butler of the king of Egypt and his baker had offended their lord the king of Egypt.
Nehemiah 1:3	And they said to me, The remnant that are left of the captivity there in the province are in great affliction and reproach: the wall of Jerusalem also is broken down, and the gates thereof are burned with fire.
Colossians 3:14	And above all these things put on charity, which is the bond of perfection.
Ezekiel 3:8	Behold, I have made your face strong against their faces, and your forehead strong against their foreheads.
Esther 2:10	Esther had not showed her people nor her kindred: for Mordecai had charged her that she should not show it.
Jeremiah 33:11	The voice of joy, and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, and the voice of the bride, the voice of them that shall say, Praise the LORD of hosts: for the LORD is good; for his mercy endures for ever: and of them that shall bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the LORD. For I will cause to return the captivity of the land, as at the first, said the LORD.
2 Samuel 20:6	And David said to Abishai, Now shall Sheba the son of Bichri do us more harm than did Absalom: take you your lord’s servants, and pursue after him, lest he get him fenced cities, and escape us.
John 2:2	And both Jesus was called, and his disciples, to the marriage.
Psalm 49:8	(For the redemption of their soul is precious, and it ceases for ever:)
Luke 13:21	It is like leaven, which a woman took and hid in three measures of meal, till the whole was leavened.
Psalm 89:21	With whom my hand shall be established: my arm also shall strengthen him.
Proverbs 15:19	The way of the slothful man is as an hedge of thorns: but the way of the righteous is made plain.
Ezra 2:42	The children of the porters: the children of Shallum, the children of Ater, the children of Talmon, the children of Akkub, the children of Hatita, the children of Shobai, in all an hundred thirty and nine.
Psalm 119:174	I have longed for your salvation, O LORD; and your law is my delight.
Genesis 22:2	And he said, Take now your son, your only son Isaac, whom you love, and get you into the land of Moriah; and offer him there for a burnt offering on one of the mountains which I will tell you of.
Acts 5:1	But a certain man named Ananias, with Sapphira his wife, sold a possession,
1 Kings 10:24	And all the earth sought to Solomon, to hear his wisdom, which God had put in his heart.
2 Samuel 17:10	And he also that is valiant, whose heart is as the heart of a lion, shall utterly melt: for all Israel knows that your father is a mighty man, and they which be with him are valiant men.
Ezra 3:3	And they set the altar on his bases; for fear was on them because of the people of those countries: and they offered burnt offerings thereon to the LORD, even burnt offerings morning and evening.
Psalm 47:6	Sing praises to God, sing praises: sing praises to our King, sing praises.
Jeremiah 14:21	Do not abhor us, for your name’s sake, do not disgrace the throne of your glory: remember, break not your covenant with us.
Jeremiah 33:9	And it shall be to me a name of joy, a praise and an honor before all the nations of the earth, which shall hear all the good that I do to them: and they shall fear and tremble for all the goodness and for all the prosperity that I procure to it.
2 Chronicles 8:12	Then Solomon offered burnt offerings to the LORD on the altar of the LORD, which he had built before the porch,
Acts 23:30	And when it was told me how that the Jews laid wait for the man, I sent straightway to you, and gave commandment to his accusers also to say before you what they had against him. Farewell.
Genesis 49:4	Unstable as water, you shall not excel; because you went up to your father’s bed; then defiled you it: he went up to my couch.
Matthew 27:13	Then said Pilate to him, Hear you not how many things they witness against you?
Isaiah 46:8	Remember this, and show yourselves men: bring it again to mind, O you transgressors.
Genesis 45:10	And you shall dwell in the land of Goshen, and you shall be near to me, you, and your children, and your children’s children, and your flocks, and your herds, and all that you have:
Ezra 10:8	And that whoever would not come within three days, according to the counsel of the princes and the elders, all his substance should be forfeited, and himself separated from the congregation of those that had been carried away.
Romans 12:6	Having then gifts differing according to the grace that is given to us, whether prophecy, let us prophesy according to the proportion of faith;
Mark 6:39	And he commanded them to make all sit down by companies on the green grass.
Psalm 106:12	Then believed they his words; they sang his praise.
1 Corinthians 4:18	Now some are puffed up, as though I would not come to you.
Deuteronomy 12:30	Take heed to yourself that you be not snared by following them, after that they be destroyed from before you; and that you inquire not after their gods, saying, How did these nations serve their gods? even so will I do likewise.
Romans 10:5	For Moses describes the righteousness which is of the law, That the man which does those things shall live by them.
Exodus 2:16	Now the priest of Midian had seven daughters: and they came and drew water, and filled the troughs to water their father’s flock.
Luke 12:29	And seek not you what you shall eat, or what you shall drink, neither be you of doubtful mind.
James 4:14	Whereas you know not what shall be on the morrow. For what is your life? It is even a vapor, that appears for a little time, and then vanishes away.
2 Samuel 19:35	I am this day fourscore years old: and can I discern between good and evil? can your servant taste what I eat or what I drink? can I hear any more the voice of singing men and singing women? why then should your servant be yet a burden to my lord the king?
Psalm 49:16	Be not you afraid when one is made rich, when the glory of his house is increased;
2 Samuel 21:7	But the king spared Mephibosheth, the son of Jonathan the son of Saul, because of the LORD’s oath that was between them, between David and Jonathan the son of Saul.
John 3:8	The wind blows where it wants, and you hear the sound thereof, but can not tell from where it comes, and where it goes: so is every one that is born of the Spirit.
1 Kings 11:23	And God stirred him up another adversary, Rezon the son of Eliadah, which fled from his lord Hadadezer king of Zobah:
Job 36:2	Suffer me a little, and I will show you that I have yet to speak on God’s behalf.
Romans 5:6	For when we were yet without strength, in due time Christ died for the ungodly.
Esther 5:4	And Esther answered, If it seem good to the king, let the king and Haman come this day to the banquet that I have prepared for him.
Daniel 11:2	And now will I show you the truth. Behold, there shall stand up yet three kings in Persia; and the fourth shall be far richer than they all: and by his strength through his riches he shall stir up all against the realm of Grecia.
Jeremiah 17:25	Then shall there enter into the gates of this city kings and princes sitting on the throne of David, riding in chariots and on horses, they, and their princes, the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem: and this city shall remain for ever.
Genesis 7:5	And Noah did according to all that the LORD commanded him.
Matthew 3:15	And Jesus answering said to him, Suffer it to be so now: for thus it becomes us to fulfill all righteousness. Then he suffered him.
Leviticus 19:33	And if a stranger sojourn with you in your land, you shall not vex him.
Deuteronomy 16:15	Seven days shall you keep a solemn feast to the LORD your God in the place which the LORD shall choose: because the LORD your God shall bless you in all your increase, and in all the works of your hands, therefore you shall surely rejoice.
Isaiah 36:20	Who are they among all the gods of these lands, that have delivered their land out of my hand, that the LORD should deliver Jerusalem out of my hand?
1 Kings 3:11	And God said to him, Because you have asked this thing, and have not asked for yourself long life; neither have asked riches for yourself, nor have asked the life of your enemies; but have asked for yourself understanding to discern judgment;
Matthew 15:6	And honor not his father or his mother, he shall be free. Thus have you made the commandment of God of none effect by your tradition.
Genesis 25:31	And Jacob said, Sell me this day your birthright.
Deuteronomy 25:6	And it shall be, that the firstborn which she bears shall succeed in the name of his brother which is dead, that his name be not put out of Israel.
Genesis 47:13	And there was no bread in all the land; for the famine was very sore, so that the land of Egypt and all the land of Canaan fainted by reason of the famine.
2 Samuel 19:41	And, behold, all the men of Israel came to the king, and said to the king, Why have our brothers the men of Judah stolen you away, and have brought the king, and his household, and all David’s men with him, over Jordan?
Luke 20:11	And again he sent another servant: and they beat him also, and entreated him shamefully, and sent him away empty.
Ezekiel 44:31	The priests shall not eat of any thing that is dead of itself, or torn, whether it be fowl or beast.
Leviticus 8:19	And he killed it; and Moses sprinkled the blood on the altar round about.
Ezekiel 38:5	Persia, Ethiopia, and Libya with them; all of them with shield and helmet:
Zechariah 6:5	And the angel answered and said to me, These are the four spirits of the heavens, which go forth from standing before the LORD of all the earth.
Isaiah 8:3	And I went to the prophetess; and she conceived, and bore a son. Then said the LORD to me, Call his name Mahershalalhashbaz.
2 Corinthians 9:6	But this I say, He which sows sparingly shall reap also sparingly; and he which sows bountifully shall reap also bountifully.
1 Chronicles 5:19	And they made war with the Hagarites, with Jetur, and Nephish, and Nodab.
Joshua 1:12	And to the Reubenites, and to the Gadites, and to half the tribe of Manasseh, spoke Joshua, saying,
1 Thessalonians 5:4	But you, brothers, are not in darkness, that that day should overtake you as a thief.
Proverbs 16:19	Better it is to be of an humble spirit with the lowly, than to divide the spoil with the proud.
2 Kings 12:4	And Jehoash said to the priests, All the money of the dedicated things that is brought into the house of the LORD, even the money of every one that passes the account, the money that every man is set at, and all the money that comes into any man’s heart to bring into the house of the LORD,
2 Chronicles 18:8	And the king of Israel called for one of his officers, and said, Fetch quickly Micaiah the son of Imla.
Romans 8:32	He that spared not his own Son, but delivered him up for us all, how shall he not with him also freely give us all things?
Ezekiel 40:13	He measured then the gate from the roof of one little chamber to the roof of another: the breadth was five and twenty cubits, door against door.
Ecclesiastes 10:6	Folly is set in great dignity, and the rich sit in low place.
Luke 18:2	Saying, There was in a city a judge, which feared not God, neither regarded man:
2 Kings 6:27	And he said, If the LORD do not help you, from where shall I help you? out of the barn floor, or out of the wine press?
Exodus 30:12	When you take the sum of the children of Israel after their number, then shall they give every man a ransom for his soul to the LORD, when you number them; that there be no plague among them, when you number them.
Ezekiel 36:17	Son of man, when the house of Israel dwelled in their own land, they defiled it by their own way and by their doings: their way was before me as the uncleanness of a removed woman.
Proverbs 24:5	A wise man is strong; yes, a man of knowledge increases strength.
Ezra 2:44	The children of Keros, the children of Siaha, the children of Padon,
2 Samuel 14:28	So Absalom dwelled two full years in Jerusalem, and saw not the king’s face.
Exodus 23:30	By little and little I will drive them out from before you, until you be increased, and inherit the land.
Deuteronomy 11:4	And what he did to the army of Egypt, to their horses, and to their chariots; how he made the water of the Red sea to overflow them as they pursued after you, and how the LORD has destroyed them to this day;
Jeremiah 16:20	Shall a man make gods to himself, and they are no gods?
Genesis 5:26	And Methuselah lived after he begat Lamech seven hundred eighty and two years, and begat sons and daughters:
Proverbs 12:5	The thoughts of the righteous are right: but the counsels of the wicked are deceit.
Jeremiah 51:47	Therefore, behold, the days come, that I will do judgment on the graven images of Babylon: and her whole land shall be confounded, and all her slain shall fall in the middle of her.
Revelation 3:10	Because you have kept the word of my patience, I also will keep you from the hour of temptation, which shall come on all the world, to try them that dwell on the earth.
1 Kings 2:11	And the days that David reigned over Israel were forty years: seven years reigned he in Hebron, and thirty and three years reigned he in Jerusalem.
Nehemiah 7:24	The children of Hariph, an hundred and twelve.
Hosea 8:7	For they have sown the wind, and they shall reap the whirlwind: it has no stalk; the bud shall yield no meal: if so be it yield, the strangers shall swallow it up.
Psalm 138:5	Yes, they shall sing in the ways of the LORD: for great is the glory of the LORD.
Job 29:12	Because I delivered the poor that cried, and the fatherless, and him that had none to help him.
2 Chronicles 31:12	And brought in the offerings and the tithes and the dedicated things faithfully: over which Cononiah the Levite was ruler, and Shimei his brother was the next.
Psalm 147:15	He sends forth his commandment on earth: his word runs very swiftly.
Ezekiel 39:1	Therefore, you son of man, prophesy against Gog, and say, Thus said the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against you, O Gog, the chief prince of Meshech and Tubal:
Genesis 30:41	And it came to pass, whenever the stronger cattle did conceive, that Jacob laid the rods before the eyes of the cattle in the gutters, that they might conceive among the rods.
Genesis 26:34	And Esau was forty years old when he took to wife Judith the daughter of Beeri the Hittite, and Bashemath the daughter of Elon the Hittite:
1 Kings 9:12	And Hiram came out from Tyre to see the cities which Solomon had given him; and they pleased him not.
Ezra 3:1	And when the seventh month was come, and the children of Israel were in the cities, the people gathered themselves together as one man to Jerusalem.
Proverbs 7:8	Passing through the street near her corner; and he went the way to her house,
Philippians 3:2	Beware of dogs, beware of evil workers, beware of the concision.
2 Chronicles 28:24	And Ahaz gathered together the vessels of the house of God, and cut in pieces the vessels of the house of God, and shut up the doors of the house of the LORD, and he made him altars in every corner of Jerusalem.
Isaiah 1:31	And the strong shall be as wick, and the maker of it as a spark, and they shall both burn together, and none shall quench them.
Judges 18:15	And they turned thitherward, and came to the house of the young man the Levite, even to the house of Micah, and saluted him.
Exodus 29:45	And I will dwell among the children of Israel, and will be their God.
1 Corinthians 1:11	For it has been declared to me of you, my brothers, by them which are of the house of Chloe, that there are contentions among you.
1 Corinthians 14:30	If any thing be revealed to another that sits by, let the first hold his peace.
Numbers 1:37	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Benjamin, were thirty and five thousand and four hundred.
Joshua 21:6	And the children of Gershon had by lot out of the families of the tribe of Issachar, and out of the tribe of Asher, and out of the tribe of Naphtali, and out of the half tribe of Manasseh in Bashan, thirteen cities.
Isaiah 44:7	And who, as I, shall call, and shall declare it, and set it in order for me, since I appointed the ancient people? and the things that are coming, and shall come, let them show to them.
Deuteronomy 16:4	And there shall be no leavened bread seen with you in all your coast seven days; neither shall there any thing of the flesh, which you sacrificed the first day at even, remain all night until the morning.
Exodus 29:2	And unleavened bread, and cakes unleavened tempered with oil, and wafers unleavened anointed with oil: of wheaten flour shall you make them.
Luke 20:45	Then in the audience of all the people he said to his disciples,
Joshua 22:6	So Joshua blessed them, and sent them away: and they went to their tents.
Jeremiah 13:3	And the word of the LORD came to me the second time, saying,
Zechariah 12:6	In that day will I make the governors of Judah like an hearth of fire among the wood, and like a torch of fire in a sheaf; and they shall devour all the people round about, on the right hand and on the left: and Jerusalem shall be inhabited again in her own place, even in Jerusalem.
Job 10:13	And these things have you hid in your heart: I know that this is with you.
Judges 9:11	But the fig tree said to them, Should I forsake my sweetness, and my good fruit, and go to be promoted over the trees?
Luke 10:18	And he said to them, I beheld Satan as lightning fall from heaven.
Psalm 10:3	For the wicked boasts of his heart’s desire, and blesses the covetous, whom the LORD abhors.
1 Timothy 3:16	And without controversy great is the mystery of godliness: God was manifest in the flesh, justified in the Spirit, seen of angels, preached to the Gentiles, believed on in the world, received up into glory.
1 Timothy 5:10	Well reported of for good works; if she have brought up children, if she have lodged strangers, if she have washed the saints’ feet, if she have relieved the afflicted, if she have diligently followed every good work.
Zechariah 1:9	Then said I, O my lord, what are these? And the angel that talked with me said to me, I will show you what these be.
Revelation 12:15	And the serpent cast out of his mouth water as a flood after the woman, that he might cause her to be carried away of the flood.
Jeremiah 49:30	Flee, get you far off, dwell deep, O you inhabitants of Hazor, said the LORD; for Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon has taken counsel against you, and has conceived a purpose against you.
2 Kings 1:17	So he died according to the word of the LORD which Elijah had spoken. And Jehoram reigned in his stead in the second year of Jehoram the son of Jehoshaphat king of Judah; because he had no son.
Numbers 7:83	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Ahira the son of Enan.
Revelation 12:9	And the great dragon was cast out, that old serpent, called the Devil, and Satan, which deceives the whole world: he was cast out into the earth, and his angels were cast out with him.
Deuteronomy 4:34	Or has God assayed to go and take him a nation from the middle of another nation, by temptations, by signs, and by wonders, and by war, and by a mighty hand, and by a stretched out arm, and by great terrors, according to all that the LORD your God did for you in Egypt before your eyes?
Job 36:33	The noise thereof shows concerning it, the cattle also concerning the vapor.
Philippians 1:25	And having this confidence, I know that I shall abide and continue with you all for your furtherance and joy of faith;
1 Chronicles 7:26	Laadan his son, Ammihud his son, Elishama his son.
2 Samuel 6:19	And he dealt among all the people, even among the whole multitude of Israel, as well to the women as men, to every one a cake of bread, and a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of wine. So all the people departed every one to his house.
Amos 4:2	The Lord GOD has sworn by his holiness, that, see, the days shall come on you, that he will take you away with hooks, and your posterity with fishhooks.
Exodus 10:28	And Pharaoh said to him, Get you from me, take heed to yourself, see my face no more; for in that day you see my face you shall die.
1 Corinthians 15:37	And that which you sow, you sow not that body that shall be, but bore grain, it may chance of wheat, or of some other grain:
Matthew 12:22	Then was brought to him one possessed with a devil, blind, and dumb: and he healed him, so that the blind and dumb both spoke and saw.
Numbers 8:21	And the Levites were purified, and they washed their clothes; and Aaron offered them as an offering before the LORD; and Aaron made an atonement for them to cleanse them.
Leviticus 13:6	And the priest shall look on him again the seventh day: and, behold, if the plague be somewhat dark, and the plague spread not in the skin, the priest shall pronounce him clean: it is but a scab: and he shall wash his clothes, and be clean.
Numbers 7:32	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:
Psalm 7:6	Arise, O LORD, in your anger, lift up yourself because of the rage of my enemies: and awake for me to the judgment that you have commanded.
Job 31:29	If I rejoice at the destruction of him that hated me, or lifted up myself when evil found him:
2 Samuel 23:26	Helez the Paltite, Ira the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite,
Numbers 1:40	Of the children of Asher, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
2 Kings 10:7	And it came to pass, when the letter came to them, that they took the king’s sons, and slew seventy persons, and put their heads in baskets, and sent him them to Jezreel.
Galatians 1:14	And profited in the Jews’ religion above many my equals in my own nation, being more exceedingly zealous of the traditions of my fathers.
Micah 1:4	And the mountains shall be molten under him, and the valleys shall be cleft, as wax before the fire, and as the waters that are poured down a steep place.
Philemon 1:10	I beseech you for my son Onesimus, whom I have begotten in my bonds:
Exodus 2:15	Now when Pharaoh heard this thing, he sought to slay Moses. But Moses fled from the face of Pharaoh, and dwelled in the land of Midian: and he sat down by a well.
Nehemiah 12:12	And in the days of Joiakim were priests, the chief of the fathers: of Seraiah, Meraiah; of Jeremiah, Hananiah;
Leviticus 22:32	Neither shall you profane my holy name; but I will be hallowed among the children of Israel: I am the LORD which hallow you,
Mark 16:12	After that he appeared in another form to two of them, as they walked, and went into the country.
Leviticus 27:19	And if he that sanctified the field will in any wise redeem it, then he shall add the fifth part of the money of your estimation to it, and it shall be assured to him.
Luke 12:20	But God said to him, You fool, this night your soul shall be required of you: then whose shall those things be, which you have provided?
1 Chronicles 24:8	The third to Harim, the fourth to Seorim,
Job 3:14	With kings and counsellors of the earth, which build desolate places for themselves;
Psalm 106:8	Nevertheless he saved them for his name’s sake, that he might make his mighty power to be known.
Exodus 28:33	And beneath on the hem of it you shall make pomegranates of blue, and of purple, and of scarlet, round about the hem thereof; and bells of gold between them round about:
Psalm 139:12	Yes, the darkness hides not from you; but the night shines as the day: the darkness and the light are both alike to you.
Ephesians 4:28	Let him that stole steal no more: but rather let him labor, working with his hands the thing which is good, that he may have to give to him that needs.
Isaiah 2:14	And on all the high mountains, and on all the hills that are lifted up,
1 Kings 6:11	And the word of the LORD came to Solomon, saying,
Luke 11:32	The men of Nineve shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here.
Romans 8:17	And if children, then heirs; heirs of God, and joint-heirs with Christ; if so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together.
Proverbs 16:32	He that is slow to anger is better than the mighty; and he that rules his spirit than he that takes a city.
Job 12:25	They grope in the dark without light, and he makes them to stagger like a drunken man.
Numbers 14:38	But Joshua the son of Nun, and Caleb the son of Jephunneh, which were of the men that went to search the land, lived still.
Judges 19:13	And he said to his servant, Come, and let us draw near to one of these places to lodge all night, in Gibeah, or in Ramah.
Genesis 5:20	And all the days of Jared were nine hundred sixty and two years: and he died.
Ezekiel 6:3	And say, You mountains of Israel, hear the word of the Lord GOD; Thus said the Lord GOD to the mountains, and to the hills, to the rivers, and to the valleys; Behold, I, even I, will bring a sword on you, and I will destroy your high places.
Mark 2:8	And immediately when Jesus perceived in his spirit that they so reasoned within themselves, he said to them, Why reason you these things in your hearts?
Psalm 111:2	The works of the LORD are great, sought out of all them that have pleasure therein.
John 9:18	But the Jews did not believe concerning him, that he had been blind, and received his sight, until they called the parents of him that had received his sight.
Ezra 2:4	The children of Shephatiah, three hundred seventy and two.
Genesis 23:1	And Sarah was an hundred and seven and twenty years old: these were the years of the life of Sarah.
2 Timothy 4:9	Do your diligence to come shortly to me:
Luke 24:45	Then opened he their understanding, that they might understand the scriptures,
Psalm 42:6	O my God, my soul is cast down within me: therefore will I remember you from the land of Jordan, and of the Hermonites, from the hill Mizar.
Matthew 20:16	So the last shall be first, and the first last: for many be called, but few chosen.
1 Samuel 19:9	And the evil spirit from the LORD was on Saul, as he sat in his house with his javelin in his hand: and David played with his hand.
Psalm 95:4	In his hand are the deep places of the earth: the strength of the hills is his also.
Numbers 31:2	Avenge the children of Israel of the Midianites: afterward shall you be gathered to your people.
Genesis 50:15	And when Joseph’s brothers saw that their father was dead, they said, Joseph will peradventure hate us, and will certainly requite us all the evil which we did to him.
Judges 7:25	And they took two princes of the Midianites, Oreb and Zeeb; and they slew Oreb on the rock Oreb, and Zeeb they slew at the wine press of Zeeb, and pursued Midian, and brought the heads of Oreb and Zeeb to Gideon on the other side Jordan.
1 Samuel 28:15	And Samuel said to Saul, Why have you disquieted me, to bring me up? And Saul answered, I am sore distressed; for the Philistines make war against me, and God is departed from me, and answers me no more, neither by prophets, nor by dreams: therefore I have called you, that you may make known to me what I shall do.
1 Chronicles 26:11	Hilkiah the second, Tebaliah the third, Zechariah the fourth: all the sons and brothers of Hosah were thirteen.
Romans 11:9	And David said, Let their table be made a snare, and a trap, and a stumbling block, and a recompense to them:
Hosea 4:15	Though you, Israel, play the harlot, yet let not Judah offend; and come not you to Gilgal, neither go you up to Bethaven, nor swear, The LORD lives.
John 9:4	I must work the works of him that sent me, while it is day: the night comes, when no man can work.
Deuteronomy 16:7	And you shall roast and eat it in the place which the LORD your God shall choose: and you shall turn in the morning, and go to your tents.
Isaiah 36:2	And the king of Assyria sent Rabshakeh from Lachish to Jerusalem to king Hezekiah with a great army. And he stood by the conduit of the upper pool in the highway of the fuller’s field.
Judges 13:13	And the angel of the LORD said to Manoah, Of all that I said to the woman let her beware.
Psalm 119:21	You have rebuked the proud that are cursed, which do err from your commandments.
Ezekiel 23:4	And the names of them were Aholah the elder, and Aholibah her sister: and they were mine, and they bore sons and daughters. Thus were their names; Samaria is Aholah, and Jerusalem Aholibah.
2 Samuel 18:29	And the king said, Is the young man Absalom safe? And Ahimaaz answered, When Joab sent the king’s servant, and me your servant, I saw a great tumult, but I knew not what it was.
Ezra 2:62	These sought their register among those that were reckoned by genealogy, but they were not found: therefore were they, as polluted, put from the priesthood.
Ezekiel 37:17	And join them one to another into one stick; and they shall become one in your hand.
Job 18:9	The gin shall take him by the heel, and the robber shall prevail against him.
Proverbs 5:23	He shall die without instruction; and in the greatness of his folly he shall go astray.
Numbers 16:6	This do; Take you censers, Korah, and all his company;
Genesis 49:7	Cursed be their anger, for it was fierce; and their wrath, for it was cruel: I will divide them in Jacob, and scatter them in Israel.
Isaiah 10:7	However, he means not so, neither does his heart think so; but it is in his heart to destroy and cut off nations not a few.
Numbers 15:31	Because he has despised the word of the LORD, and has broken his commandment, that soul shall utterly be cut off; his iniquity shall be on him.
Mark 1:20	And straightway he called them: and they left their father Zebedee in the ship with the hired servants, and went after him.
Exodus 21:7	And if a man sell his daughter to be a maidservant, she shall not go out as the menservants do.
Judges 15:5	And when he had set the brands on fire, he let them go into the standing corn of the Philistines, and burnt up both the shocks, and also the standing corn, with the vineyards and olives.
Genesis 39:15	And it came to pass, when he heard that I lifted up my voice and cried, that he left his garment with me, and fled, and got him out.
Jeremiah 25:35	And the shepherds shall have no way to flee, nor the principal of the flock to escape.
Isaiah 13:19	And Babylon, the glory of kingdoms, the beauty of the Chaldees’ excellency, shall be as when God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah.
Esther 4:8	Also he gave him the copy of the writing of the decree that was given at Shushan to destroy them, to show it to Esther, and to declare it to her, and to charge her that she should go in to the king, to make supplication to him, and to make request before him for her people.
Acts 26:15	And I said, Who are you, Lord? And he said, I am Jesus whom you persecute.
Genesis 4:21	And his brother’s name was Jubal: he was the father of all such as handle the harp and organ.
Deuteronomy 3:21	And I commanded Joshua at that time, saying, Your eyes have seen all that the LORD your God has done to these two kings: so shall the LORD do to all the kingdoms where you pass.
Exodus 13:19	And Moses took the bones of Joseph with him: for he had straightly sworn the children of Israel, saying, God will surely visit you; and you shall carry up my bones away hence with you.
Psalm 94:7	Yet they say, The LORD shall not see, neither shall the God of Jacob regard it.
Exodus 26:25	And they shall be eight boards, and their sockets of silver, sixteen sockets; two sockets under one board, and two sockets under another board.
Job 8:2	How long will you speak these things? and how long shall the words of your mouth be like a strong wind?
1 Kings 15:2	Three years reigned he in Jerusalem. and his mother’s name was Maachah, the daughter of Abishalom.
Nehemiah 10:37	And that we should bring the first fruits of our dough, and our offerings, and the fruit of all manner of trees, of wine and of oil, to the priests, to the chambers of the house of our God; and the tithes of our ground to the Levites, that the same Levites might have the tithes in all the cities of our tillage.
Joshua 9:4	They did work wilily, and went and made as if they had been ambassadors, and took old sacks on their asses, and wine bottles, old, and rent, and bound up;
1 John 4:1	Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God: because many false prophets are gone out into the world.
Acts 16:18	And this did she many days. But Paul, being grieved, turned and said to the spirit, I command you in the name of Jesus Christ to come out of her. And he came out the same hour.
Isaiah 5:23	Which justify the wicked for reward, and take away the righteousness of the righteous from him!
Deuteronomy 11:31	For you shall pass over Jordan to go in to possess the land which the LORD your God gives you, and you shall possess it, and dwell therein.
Hebrews 7:28	For the law makes men high priests which have infirmity; but the word of the oath, which was since the law, makes the Son, who is consecrated for ever more.
Genesis 22:12	And he said, Lay not your hand on the lad, neither do you any thing to him: for now I know that you fear God, seeing you have not withheld your son, your only son from me.
Acts 5:26	Then went the captain with the officers, and brought them without violence: for they feared the people, lest they should have been stoned.
Exodus 29:3	And you shall put them into one basket, and bring them in the basket, with the bullock and the two rams.
Luke 24:14	And they talked together of all these things which had happened.
Proverbs 9:5	Come, eat of my bread, and drink of the wine which I have mingled.
1 Samuel 2:36	And it shall come to pass, that every one that is left in your house shall come and crouch to him for a piece of silver and a morsel of bread, and shall say, Put me, I pray you, into one of the priests’ offices, that I may eat a piece of bread.
Daniel 8:27	And I Daniel fainted, and was sick certain days; afterward I rose up, and did the king’s business; and I was astonished at the vision, but none understood it.
1 Corinthians 10:6	Now these things were our examples, to the intent we should not lust after evil things, as they also lusted.
Isaiah 40:28	Have you not known? have you not heard, that the everlasting God, the LORD, the Creator of the ends of the earth, faints not, neither is weary? there is no searching of his understanding.
Mark 5:39	And when he was come in, he said to them, Why make you this ado, and weep? the damsel is not dead, but sleeps.
Ezekiel 40:9	Then measured he the porch of the gate, eight cubits; and the posts thereof, two cubits; and the porch of the gate was inward.
Mark 3:12	And he straightly charged them that they should not make him known.
Judges 9:53	And a certain woman cast a piece of a millstone on Abimelech’s head, and all to broke his skull.
Mark 7:4	And when they come from the market, except they wash, they eat not. And many other things there be, which they have received to hold, as the washing of cups, and pots, brazen vessels, and of tables.
Numbers 18:11	And this is yours; the heave offering of their gift, with all the wave offerings of the children of Israel: I have given them to you, and to your sons and to your daughters with you, by a statute for ever: every one that is clean in your house shall eat of it.
John 2:16	And said to them that sold doves, Take these things hence; make not my Father’s house an house of merchandise.
Ezekiel 14:3	Son of man, these men have set up their idols in their heart, and put the stumbling block of their iniquity before their face: should I be inquired of at all by them?
Genesis 46:3	And he said, I am God, the God of your father: fear not to go down into Egypt; for I will there make of you a great nation:
Jude 1:21	Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ to eternal life.
2 Samuel 14:12	Then the woman said, Let your handmaid, I pray you, speak one word to my lord the king. And he said, Say on.
2 Peter 2:21	For it had been better for them not to have known the way of righteousness, than, after they have known it, to turn from the holy commandment delivered to them.
Zechariah 5:1	Then I turned, and lifted up my eyes, and looked, and behold a flying roll.
Jeremiah 5:15	See, I will bring a nation on you from far, O house of Israel, said the LORD: it is a mighty nation, it is an ancient nation, a nation whose language you know not, neither understand what they say.
Malachi 2:13	And this have you done again, covering the altar of the LORD with tears, with weeping, and with crying out, so that he regards not the offering any more, or receives it with good will at your hand.
2 Kings 22:15	And she said to them, Thus said the LORD God of Israel, Tell the man that sent you to me,
Psalm 101:7	He that works deceit shall not dwell within my house: he that tells lies shall not tarry in my sight.
Exodus 29:12	And you shall take of the blood of the bullock, and put it on the horns of the altar with your finger, and pour all the blood beside the bottom of the altar.
Numbers 4:3	From thirty years old and upward even until fifty years old, all that enter into the host, to do the work in the tabernacle of the congregation.
Genesis 34:23	Shall not their cattle and their substance and every beast of theirs be our’s? only let us consent to them, and they will dwell with us.
Judges 11:33	And he smote them from Aroer, even till you come to Minnith, even twenty cities, and to the plain of the vineyards, with a very great slaughter. Thus the children of Ammon were subdued before the children of Israel.
Psalm 68:23	That your foot may be dipped in the blood of your enemies, and the tongue of your dogs in the same.
Revelation 20:3	And cast him into the bottomless pit, and shut him up, and set a seal on him, that he should deceive the nations no more, till the thousand years should be fulfilled: and after that he must be loosed a little season.
John 5:21	For as the Father raises up the dead, and vivifies them; even so the Son vivifies whom he will.
Ephesians 1:19	And what is the exceeding greatness of his power to us-ward who believe, according to the working of his mighty power,
Luke 4:13	And when the devil had ended all the temptation, he departed from him for a season.
Job 6:15	My brothers have dealt deceitfully as a brook, and as the stream of brooks they pass away;
Psalm 68:5	A father of the fatherless, and a judge of the widows, is God in his holy habitation.
Genesis 10:25	And to Eber were born two sons: the name of one was Peleg; for in his days was the earth divided; and his brother’s name was Joktan.
Acts 20:22	And now, behold, I go bound in the spirit to Jerusalem, not knowing the things that shall befall me there:
Acts 7:12	But when Jacob heard that there was corn in Egypt, he sent out our fathers first.
Joshua 7:7	And Joshua said, Alas, O LORD God, why have you at all brought this people over Jordan, to deliver us into the hand of the Amorites, to destroy us? would to God we had been content, and dwelled on the other side Jordan!
Acts 18:16	And he drove them from the judgment seat.
Numbers 4:30	From thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old shall you number them, every one that enters into the service, to do the work of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Amos 8:2	And he said, Amos, what see you? And I said, A basket of summer fruit. Then said the LORD to me, The end is come on my people of Israel; I will not again pass by them any more.
Psalm 128:2	For you shall eat the labor of your hands: happy shall you be, and it shall be well with you.
Hebrews 5:12	For when for the time you ought to be teachers, you have need that one teach you again which be the first principles of the oracles of God; and are become such as have need of milk, and not of strong meat.
Genesis 40:19	Yet within three days shall Pharaoh lift up your head from off you, and shall hang you on a tree; and the birds shall eat your flesh from off you.
Isaiah 7:14	Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign; Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel.
Revelation 17:1	And there came one of the seven angels which had the seven vials, and talked with me, saying to me, Come here; I will show to you the judgment of the great whore that sits on many waters:
Genesis 43:14	And God Almighty give you mercy before the man, that he may send away your other brother, and Benjamin. If I be bereaved of my children, I am bereaved.
Jeremiah 9:14	But have walked after the imagination of their own heart, and after Baalim, which their fathers taught them:
Numbers 26:42	These are the sons of Dan after their families: of Shuham, the family of the Shuhamites. These are the families of Dan after their families.
Judges 19:21	So he brought him into his house, and gave provender to the asses: and they washed their feet, and did eat and drink.
Job 5:4	His children are far from safety, and they are crushed in the gate, neither is there any to deliver them.
John 5:15	The man departed, and told the Jews that it was Jesus, which had made him whole.
Ezekiel 44:17	And it shall come to pass, that when they enter in at the gates of the inner court, they shall be clothed with linen garments; and no wool shall come on them, whiles they minister in the gates of the inner court, and within.
Isaiah 66:6	A voice of noise from the city, a voice from the temple, a voice of the LORD that renders recompense to his enemies.
1 Chronicles 27:34	And after Ahithophel was Jehoiada the son of Benaiah, and Abiathar: and the general of the king’s army was Joab.
1 Timothy 4:3	Forbidding to marry, and commanding to abstain from meats, which God has created to be received with thanksgiving of them which believe and know the truth.
Romans 9:20	No but, O man, who are you that reply against God? Shall the thing formed say to him that formed it, Why have you made me thus?
1 Chronicles 4:8	And Coz begat Anub, and Zobebah, and the families of Aharhel the son of Harum.
Exodus 31:15	Six days may work be done; but in the seventh is the sabbath of rest, holy to the LORD: whoever does any work in the sabbath day, he shall surely be put to death.
2 Corinthians 12:18	I desired Titus, and with him I sent a brother. Did Titus make a gain of you? walked we not in the same spirit? walked we not in the same steps?
Isaiah 19:14	The LORD has mingled a perverse spirit in the middle thereof: and they have caused Egypt to err in every work thereof, as a drunken man staggers in his vomit.
Hebrews 3:8	Harden not your hearts, as in the provocation, in the day of temptation in the wilderness:
Luke 21:29	And he spoke to them a parable; Behold the fig tree, and all the trees;
Revelation 21:6	And he said to me, It is done. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end. I will give to him that is thirsty of the fountain of the water of life freely.
Genesis 36:42	Duke Kenaz, duke Teman, duke Mibzar,
Matthew 27:45	Now from the sixth hour there was darkness over all the land to the ninth hour.
1 Kings 18:42	So Ahab went up to eat and to drink. And Elijah went up to the top of Carmel; and he cast himself down on the earth, and put his face between his knees,
Genesis 31:55	And early in the morning Laban rose up, and kissed his sons and his daughters, and blessed them: and Laban departed, and returned to his place.
2 Samuel 24:20	And Araunah looked, and saw the king and his servants coming on toward him: and Araunah went out, and bowed himself before the king on his face on the ground.
Psalm 75:5	Lift not up your horn on high: speak not with a stiff neck.
Jonah 1:2	Arise, go to Nineveh, that great city, and cry against it; for their wickedness is come up before me.
Ezekiel 1:8	And they had the hands of a man under their wings on their four sides; and they four had their faces and their wings.
1 Samuel 14:15	And there was trembling in the host, in the field, and among all the people: the garrison, and the spoilers, they also trembled, and the earth quaked: so it was a very great trembling.
Deuteronomy 32:48	And the LORD spoke to Moses that selfsame day, saying,
Leviticus 17:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Numbers 9:16	So it was always: the cloud covered it by day, and the appearance of fire by night.
Romans 6:19	I speak after the manner of men because of the infirmity of your flesh: for as you have yielded your members servants to uncleanness and to iniquity to iniquity; even so now yield your members servants to righteousness to holiness.
Isaiah 13:8	And they shall be afraid: pangs and sorrows shall take hold of them; they shall be in pain as a woman that travails: they shall be amazed one at another; their faces shall be as flames.
Numbers 2:8	And his host, and those that were numbered thereof, were fifty and seven thousand and four hundred.
2 Corinthians 2:13	I had no rest in my spirit, because I found not Titus my brother: but taking my leave of them, I went from there into Macedonia.
Numbers 14:24	But my servant Caleb, because he had another spirit with him, and has followed me fully, him will I bring into the land into where he went; and his seed shall possess it.
Numbers 15:25	And the priest shall make an atonement for all the congregation of the children of Israel, and it shall be forgiven them; for it is ignorance: and they shall bring their offering, a sacrifice made by fire to the LORD, and their sin offering before the LORD, for their ignorance:
Judges 14:1	And Samson went down to Timnath, and saw a woman in Timnath of the daughters of the Philistines.
1 Kings 22:25	And Micaiah said, Behold, you shall see in that day, when you shall go into an inner chamber to hide yourself.
Song of Solomon 1:12	While the king sits at his table, my spikenard sends forth the smell thereof.
2 Chronicles 16:14	And they buried him in his own sepulchers, which he had made for himself in the city of David, and laid him in the bed which was filled with sweet odors and divers kinds of spices prepared by the apothecaries’ are: and they made a very great burning for him.
Ecclesiastes 7:14	In the day of prosperity be joyful, but in the day of adversity consider: God also has set the one over against the other, to the end that man should find nothing after him.
Matthew 21:2	Saying to them, Go into the village over against you, and straightway you shall find an ass tied, and a colt with her: loose them, and bring them to me.
Daniel 2:24	Therefore Daniel went in to Arioch, whom the king had ordained to destroy the wise men of Babylon: he went and said thus to him; Destroy not the wise men of Babylon: bring me in before the king, and I will show to the king the interpretation.
Ezekiel 43:11	And if they be ashamed of all that they have done, show them the form of the house, and the fashion thereof, and the goings out thereof, and the comings in thereof, and all the forms thereof, and all the ordinances thereof, and all the forms thereof, and all the laws thereof: and write it in their sight, that they may keep the whole form thereof, and all the ordinances thereof, and do them.
John 16:14	He shall glorify me: for he shall receive of mine, and shall show it to you.
Exodus 29:34	And if ought of the flesh of the consecrations, or of the bread, remain to the morning, then you shall burn the remainder with fire: it shall not be eaten, because it is holy.
Isaiah 38:5	Go, and say to Hezekiah, Thus said the LORD, the God of David your father, I have heard your prayer, I have seen your tears: behold, I will add to your days fifteen years.
Deuteronomy 10:16	Circumcise therefore the foreskin of your heart, and be no more stiff necked.
Psalm 89:43	You have also turned the edge of his sword, and have not made him to stand in the battle.
Psalm 28:1	To you will I cry, O LORD my rock; be not silent to me: lest, if you be silent to me, I become like them that go down into the pit.
Luke 14:17	And sent his servant at supper time to say to them that were bidden, Come; for all things are now ready.
Esther 8:10	And he wrote in the king Ahasuerus’ name, and sealed it with the king’s ring, and sent letters by posts on horseback, and riders on mules, camels, and young dromedaries:
Proverbs 16:17	The highway of the upright is to depart from evil: he that keeps his way preserves his soul.
Isaiah 51:5	My righteousness is near; my salvation is gone forth, and my arms shall judge the people; the isles shall wait on me, and on my arm shall they trust.
Hosea 2:15	And I will give her her vineyards from there, and the valley of Achor for a door of hope: and she shall sing there, as in the days of her youth, and as in the day when she came up out of the land of Egypt.
Matthew 14:34	And when they were gone over, they came into the land of Gennesaret.
2 Kings 5:20	But Gehazi, the servant of Elisha the man of God, said, Behold, my master has spared Naaman this Syrian, in not receiving at his hands that which he brought: but, as the LORD lives, I will run after him, and take somewhat of him.
1 Chronicles 6:57	And to the sons of Aaron they gave the cities of Judah, namely, Hebron, the city of refuge, and Libnah with her suburbs, and Jattir, and Eshtemoa, with their suburbs,
Deuteronomy 28:18	Cursed shall be the fruit of your body, and the fruit of your land, the increase of your cows, and the flocks of your sheep.
Mark 15:45	And when he knew it of the centurion, he gave the body to Joseph.
Nehemiah 11:3	Now these are the chief of the province that dwelled in Jerusalem: but in the cities of Judah dwelled every one in his possession in their cities, to wit, Israel, the priests, and the Levites, and the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon’s servants.
Numbers 9:7	And those men said to him, We are defiled by the dead body of a man: why are we kept back, that we may not offer an offering of the LORD in his appointed season among the children of Israel?
Jeremiah 1:7	But the LORD said to me, Say not, I am a child: for you shall go to all that I shall send you, and whatever I command you you shall speak.
Numbers 1:31	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Zebulun, were fifty and seven thousand and four hundred.
Genesis 15:6	And he believed in the LORD; and he counted it to him for righteousness.
1 Chronicles 26:23	Of the Amramites, and the Izharites, the Hebronites, and the Uzzielites:
Acts 24:16	And herein do I exercise myself, to have always a conscience void to offense toward God, and toward men.
Hosea 1:7	But I will have mercy on the house of Judah, and will save them by the LORD their God, and will not save them by bow, nor by sword, nor by battle, by horses, nor by horsemen.
Genesis 26:16	And Abimelech said to Isaac, Go from us; for you are much mightier than we.
Psalm 135:15	The idols of the heathen are silver and gold, the work of men’s hands.
Jeremiah 31:38	Behold, the days come, said the LORD, that the city shall be built to the LORD from the tower of Hananeel to the gate of the corner.
John 3:24	For John was not yet cast into prison.
Exodus 13:18	But God led the people about, through the way of the wilderness of the Red sea: and the children of Israel went up harnessed out of the land of Egypt.
Matthew 25:2	And five of them were wise, and five were foolish.
John 9:16	Therefore said some of the Pharisees, This man is not of God, because he keeps not the sabbath day. Others said, How can a man that is a sinner do such miracles? And there was a division among them.
Psalm 23:2	He makes me to lie down in green pastures: he leads me beside the still waters.
2 Samuel 14:29	Therefore Absalom sent for Joab, to have sent him to the king; but he would not come to him: and when he sent again the second time, he would not come.
2 Chronicles 9:31	And Solomon slept with his fathers, and he was buried in the city of David his father: and Rehoboam his son reigned in his stead.
Genesis 14:16	And he brought back all the goods, and also brought again his brother Lot, and his goods, and the women also, and the people.
2 Thessalonians 2:8	And then shall that Wicked be revealed, whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming:
Job 34:17	Shall even he that hates right govern? and will you condemn him that is most just?
Joshua 10:42	And all these kings and their land did Joshua take at one time, because the LORD God of Israel fought for Israel.
Genesis 8:1	And God remembered Noah, and every living thing, and all the cattle that was with him in the ark: and God made a wind to pass over the earth, and the waters assuaged;
2 Samuel 12:30	And he took their king’s crown from off his head, the weight whereof was a talent of gold with the precious stones: and it was set on David’s head. And he brought forth the spoil of the city in great abundance.
Joshua 9:25	And now, behold, we are in your hand: as it seems good and right to you to do to us, do.
Deuteronomy 32:32	For their vine is of the vine of Sodom, and of the fields of Gomorrah: their grapes are grapes of gall, their clusters are bitter:
Genesis 13:1	And Abram went up out of Egypt, he, and his wife, and all that he had, and Lot with him, into the south.
Romans 3:5	But if our unrighteousness commend the righteousness of God, what shall we say? Is God unrighteous who takes vengeance? (I speak as a man)
Micah 5:1	Now gather yourself in troops, O daughter of troops: he has laid siege against us: they shall smite the judge of Israel with a rod on the cheek.
Matthew 26:8	But when his disciples saw it, they had indignation, saying, To what purpose is this waste?
John 10:28	And I give to them eternal life; and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand.
Acts 2:30	Therefore being a prophet, and knowing that God had sworn with an oath to him, that of the fruit of his loins, according to the flesh, he would raise up Christ to sit on his throne;
John 16:28	I came forth from the Father, and am come into the world: again, I leave the world, and go to the Father.
Numbers 12:2	And they said, Has the LORD indeed spoken only by Moses? has he not spoken also by us? And the LORD heard it.
Revelation 10:5	And the angel which I saw stand on the sea and on the earth lifted up his hand to heaven,
Ezekiel 22:9	In you are men that carry tales to shed blood: and in you they eat on the mountains: in the middle of you they commit lewdness.
Ezekiel 45:7	And a portion shall be for the prince on the one side and on the other side of the oblation of the holy portion, and of the possession of the city, before the oblation of the holy portion, and before the possession of the city, from the west side westward, and from the east side eastward: and the length shall be over against one of the portions, from the west border to the east border.
Numbers 33:19	And they departed from Rithmah, and pitched at Rimmonparez.
1 Kings 22:16	And the king said to him, How many times shall I adjure you that you tell me nothing but that which is true in the name of the LORD?
1 Peter 3:16	Having a good conscience; that, whereas they speak evil of you, as of evildoers, they may be ashamed that falsely accuse your good conversation in Christ.
Ezekiel 46:19	After he brought me through the entry, which was at the side of the gate, into the holy chambers of the priests, which looked toward the north: and, behold, there was a place on the two sides westward.
1 Chronicles 9:14	And of the Levites; Shemaiah the son of Hasshub, the son of Azrikam, the son of Hashabiah, of the sons of Merari;
Exodus 2:9	And Pharaoh’s daughter said to her, Take this child away, and nurse it for me, and I will give you your wages. And the women took the child, and nursed it.
Luke 16:11	If therefore you have not been faithful in the unrighteous mammon, who will commit to your trust the true riches?
2 Samuel 2:14	And Abner said to Joab, Let the young men now arise, and play before us. And Joab said, Let them arise.
1 Kings 17:10	So he arose and went to Zarephath. And when he came to the gate of the city, behold, the widow woman was there gathering of sticks: and he called to her, and said, Fetch me, I pray you, a little water in a vessel, that I may drink.
Numbers 7:3	And they brought their offering before the LORD, six covered wagons, and twelve oxen; a wagon for two of the princes, and for each one an ox: and they brought them before the tabernacle.
1 Kings 6:1	And it came to pass in the four hundred and eightieth year after the children of Israel were come out of the land of Egypt, in the fourth year of Solomon’s reign over Israel, in the month Zif, which is the second month, that he began to build the house of the LORD.
Zechariah 8:9	Thus said the LORD of hosts; Let your hands be strong, you that hear in these days these words by the mouth of the prophets, which were in the day that the foundation of the house of the LORD of hosts was laid, that the temple might be built.
2 Timothy 3:9	But they shall proceed no further: for their folly shall be manifest to all men, as theirs also was.
1 Chronicles 14:11	So they came up to Baalperazim; and David smote them there. Then David said, God has broken in on my enemies by my hand like the breaking forth of waters: therefore they called the name of that place Baalperazim.
Zephaniah 1:1	The word of the LORD which came to Zephaniah the son of Cushi, the son of Gedaliah, the son of Amariah, the son of Hizkiah, in the days of Josiah the son of Amon, king of Judah.
1 Kings 8:20	And the LORD has performed his word that he spoke, and I am risen up in the room of David my father, and sit on the throne of Israel, as the LORD promised, and have built an house for the name of the LORD God of Israel.
Deuteronomy 32:21	They have moved me to jealousy with that which is not God; they have provoked me to anger with their vanities: and I will move them to jealousy with those which are not a people; I will provoke them to anger with a foolish nation.
Jeremiah 49:11	Leave your fatherless children, I will preserve them alive; and let your widows trust in me.
Jeremiah 50:3	For out of the north there comes up a nation against her, which shall make her land desolate, and none shall dwell therein: they shall remove, they shall depart, both man and beast.
Job 22:4	Will he reprove you for fear of you? will he enter with you into judgment?
John 1:19	And this is the record of John, when the Jews sent priests and Levites from Jerusalem to ask him, Who are you?
Leviticus 13:27	And the priest shall look on him the seventh day: and if it be spread much abroad in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is the plague of leprosy.
Jeremiah 11:8	Yet they obeyed not, nor inclined their ear, but walked every one in the imagination of their evil heart: therefore I will bring on them all the words of this covenant, which I commanded them to do: but they did them not.
1 Thessalonians 5:28	The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.
Proverbs 2:14	Who rejoice to do evil, and delight in the frowardness of the wicked;
John 10:13	The hireling flees, because he is an hireling, and cares not for the sheep.
Proverbs 11:29	He that troubles his own house shall inherit the wind: and the fool shall be servant to the wise of heart.
John 6:34	Then said they to him, Lord, ever more give us this bread.
Numbers 26:22	These are the families of Judah according to those that were numbered of them, three score and sixteen thousand and five hundred.
2 Chronicles 2:5	And the house which I build is great: for great is our God above all gods.
Genesis 1:8	And God called the firmament Heaven. And the evening and the morning were the second day.
Psalm 50:6	And the heavens shall declare his righteousness: for God is judge himself. Selah.
2 Chronicles 13:7	And there are gathered to him vain men, the children of Belial, and have strengthened themselves against Rehoboam the son of Solomon, when Rehoboam was young and tenderhearted, and could not withstand them.
Leviticus 25:37	You shall not give him your money on usury, nor lend him your victuals for increase.
Isaiah 24:21	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the LORD shall punish the host of the high ones that are on high, and the kings of the earth on the earth.
Psalm 124:6	Blessed be the LORD, who has not given us as a prey to their teeth.
Numbers 7:64	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
Isaiah 37:11	Behold, you have heard what the kings of Assyria have done to all lands by destroying them utterly; and shall you be delivered?
Isaiah 41:11	Behold, all they that were incensed against you shall be ashamed and confounded: they shall be as nothing; and they that strive with you shall perish.
1 John 1:4	And these things write we to you, that your joy may be full.
Jeremiah 49:16	Your terribleness has deceived you, and the pride of your heart, O you that dwell in the clefts of the rock, that hold the height of the hill: though you should make your nest as high as the eagle, I will bring you down from there, said the LORD.
Psalm 4:4	Stand in awe, and sin not: commune with your own heart on your bed, and be still. Selah.
Joshua 24:7	And when they cried to the LORD, he put darkness between you and the Egyptians, and brought the sea on them, and covered them; and your eyes have seen what I have done in Egypt: and you dwelled in the wilderness a long season.
Lamentations 2:7	The LORD has cast off his altar, he has abhorred his sanctuary, he has given up into the hand of the enemy the walls of her palaces; they have made a noise in the house of the LORD, as in the day of a solemn feast.
Acts 2:43	And fear came on every soul: and many wonders and signs were done by the apostles.
2 Corinthians 9:4	Lest haply if they of Macedonia come with me, and find you unprepared, we (that we say not, you) should be ashamed in this same confident boasting.
2 Kings 7:9	Then they said one to another, We do not well: this day is a day of good tidings, and we hold our peace: if we tarry till the morning light, some mischief will come on us: now therefore come, that we may go and tell the king’s household.
Ezekiel 4:10	And your meat which you shall eat shall be by weight, twenty shekels a day: from time to time shall you eat it.
Mark 10:44	And whoever of you will be the most chief, shall be servant of all.
Romans 3:22	Even the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ to all and on all them that believe: for there is no difference:
Ruth 2:8	Then said Boaz to Ruth, Hear you not, my daughter? Go not to glean in another field, neither go from hence, but abide here fast by my maidens:
Leviticus 24:6	And you shall set them in two rows, six on a row, on the pure table before the LORD.
Matthew 22:45	If David then call him Lord, how is he his son?
Isaiah 37:7	Behold, I will send a blast on him, and he shall hear a rumor, and return to his own land; and I will cause him to fall by the sword in his own land.
Revelation 9:21	Neither repented they of their murders, nor of their sorceries, nor of their fornication, nor of their thefts.
Psalm 148:1	Praise you the LORD. Praise you the LORD from the heavens: praise him in the heights.
Deuteronomy 15:15	And you shall remember that you were a slave in the land of Egypt, and the LORD your God redeemed you: therefore I command you this thing to day.
1 Chronicles 26:19	These are the divisions of the porters among the sons of Kore, and among the sons of Merari.
Isaiah 51:17	Awake, awake, stand up, O Jerusalem, which have drunk at the hand of the LORD the cup of his fury; you have drunken the dregs of the cup of trembling, and wrung them out.
Exodus 17:13	And Joshua discomfited Amalek and his people with the edge of the sword.
Psalm 53:4	Have the workers of iniquity no knowledge? who eat up my people as they eat bread: they have not called on God.
Judges 2:1	And an angel of the LORD came up from Gilgal to Bochim, and said, I made you to go up out of Egypt, and have brought you to the land which I swore to your fathers; and I said, I will never break my covenant with you.
Job 19:26	And though after my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God:
1 Thessalonians 2:5	For neither at any time used we flattering words, as you know, nor a cloak of covetousness; God is witness:
2 Kings 18:1	Now it came to pass in the third year of Hoshea son of Elah king of Israel, that Hezekiah the son of Ahaz king of Judah began to reign.
Leviticus 26:23	And if you will not be reformed by me by these things, but will walk contrary to me;
Numbers 29:38	And one goat for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, and his meat offering, and his drink offering.
Genesis 41:46	And Joseph was thirty years old when he stood before Pharaoh king of Egypt. And Joseph went out from the presence of Pharaoh, and went throughout all the land of Egypt.
Mark 2:15	And it came to pass, that, as Jesus sat at meat in his house, many publicans and sinners sat also together with Jesus and his disciples: for there were many, and they followed him.
Luke 9:28	And it came to pass about an eight days after these sayings, he took Peter and John and James, and went up into a mountain to pray.
Deuteronomy 21:7	And they shall answer and say, Our hands have not shed this blood, neither have our eyes seen it.
Hebrews 8:5	Who serve to the example and shadow of heavenly things, as Moses was admonished of God when he was about to make the tabernacle: for, See, said he, that you make all things according to the pattern showed to you in the mount.
Isaiah 37:34	By the way that he came, by the same shall he return, and shall not come into this city, said the LORD.
Leviticus 19:32	You shall rise up before the hoary head, and honor the face of the old man, and fear your God: I am the LORD.
John 2:8	And he said to them, Draw out now, and bear to the governor of the feast. And they bore it.
Exodus 40:8	And you shall set up the court round about, and hang up the hanging at the court gate.
Deuteronomy 3:27	Get you up into the top of Pisgah, and lift up your eyes westward, and northward, and southward, and eastward, and behold it with your eyes: for you shall not go over this Jordan.
James 5:18	And he prayed again, and the heaven gave rain, and the earth brought forth her fruit.
Psalm 85:2	You have forgiven the iniquity of your people, you have covered all their sin. Selah.
Nehemiah 13:12	Then brought all Judah the tithe of the corn and the new wine and the oil to the treasuries.
Haggai 1:8	Go up to the mountain, and bring wood, and build the house; and I will take pleasure in it, and I will be glorified, said the LORD.
Genesis 5:12	And Cainan lived seventy years and begat Mahalaleel:
Leviticus 16:8	And Aaron shall cast lots on the two goats; one lot for the LORD, and the other lot for the scapegoat.
1 Chronicles 3:4	These six were born to him in Hebron; and there he reigned seven years and six months: and in Jerusalem he reigned thirty and three years.
2 Samuel 7:24	For you have confirmed to yourself your people Israel to be a people to you for ever: and you, LORD, are become their God.
Zechariah 6:7	And the bay went forth, and sought to go that they might walk to and fro through the earth: and he said, Get you hence, walk to and fro through the earth. So they walked to and fro through the earth.
1 Chronicles 12:7	And Joelah, and Zebadiah, the sons of Jeroham of Gedor.
1 Samuel 7:16	And he went from year to year in circuit to Bethel, and Gilgal, and Mizpeh, and judged Israel in all those places.
Philippians 4:9	Those things, which you have both learned, and received, and heard, and seen in me, do: and the God of peace shall be with you.
Zechariah 1:15	And I am very sore displeased with the heathen that are at ease: for I was but a little displeased, and they helped forward the affliction.
Luke 20:33	Therefore in the resurrection whose wife of them is she? for seven had her to wife.
2 Corinthians 4:2	But have renounced the hidden things of dishonesty, not walking in craftiness, nor handling the word of God deceitfully; but by manifestation of the truth commending ourselves to every man’s conscience in the sight of God.
Matthew 6:24	No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. You cannot serve God and mammon.
1 Kings 1:32	And king David said, Call me Zadok the priest, and Nathan the prophet, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada. And they came before the king.
Exodus 10:23	They saw not one another, neither rose any from his place for three days: but all the children of Israel had light in their dwellings.
Judges 15:2	And her father said, I truly thought that you had utterly hated her; therefore I gave her to your companion: is not her younger sister fairer than she? take her, I pray you, instead of her.
1 Chronicles 16:13	O you seed of Israel his servant, you children of Jacob, his chosen ones.
John 7:7	The world cannot hate you; but me it hates, because I testify of it, that the works thereof are evil.
Esther 5:13	Yet all this avails me nothing, so long as I see Mordecai the Jew sitting at the king’s gate.
John 11:55	And the Jews’ passover was near at hand: and many went out of the country up to Jerusalem before the passover, to purify themselves.
2 Kings 13:24	So Hazael king of Syria died; and Benhadad his son reigned in his stead.
Leviticus 23:20	And the priest shall wave them with the bread of the first fruits for a wave offering before the LORD, with the two lambs: they shall be holy to the LORD for the priest.
Deuteronomy 23:11	But it shall be, when evening comes on, he shall wash himself with water: and when the sun is down, he shall come into the camp again.
2 Chronicles 34:12	And the men did the work faithfully: and the overseers of them were Jahath and Obadiah, the Levites, of the sons of Merari; and Zechariah and Meshullam, of the sons of the Kohathites, to set it forward; and other of the Levites, all that could skill of instruments of music.
Numbers 5:18	And the priest shall set the woman before the LORD, and uncover the woman’s head, and put the offering of memorial in her hands, which is the jealousy offering: and the priest shall have in his hand the bitter water that causes the curse:
1 Samuel 27:3	And David dwelled with Achish at Gath, he and his men, every man with his household, even David with his two wives, Ahinoam the Jezreelitess, and Abigail the Carmelitess, Nabal’s wife.
1 John 2:18	Little children, it is the last time: and as you have heard that antichrist shall come, even now are there many antichrists; whereby we know that it is the last time.
Job 24:5	Behold, as wild asses in the desert, go they forth to their work; rising betimes for a prey: the wilderness yields food for them and for their children.
Ezra 8:1	These are now the chief of their fathers, and this is the genealogy of them that went up with me from Babylon, in the reign of Artaxerxes the king.
John 3:5	Jesus answered, Truly, truly, I say to you, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
Psalm 78:64	Their priests fell by the sword; and their widows made no lamentation.
Micah 3:12	Therefore shall Zion for your sake be plowed as a field, and Jerusalem shall become heaps, and the mountain of the house as the high places of the forest.
Revelation 6:17	For the great day of his wrath is come; and who shall be able to stand?
Psalm 26:4	I have not sat with vain persons, neither will I go in with dissemblers.
Genesis 20:2	And Abraham said of Sarah his wife, She is my sister: and Abimelech king of Gerar sent, and took Sarah.
2 Chronicles 36:20	And them that had escaped from the sword carried he away to Babylon; where they were servants to him and his sons until the reign of the kingdom of Persia:
Jeremiah 51:10	The LORD has brought forth our righteousness: come, and let us declare in Zion the work of the LORD our God.
Nehemiah 6:2	That Sanballat and Geshem sent to me, saying, Come, let us meet together in some one of the villages in the plain of Ono. But they thought to do me mischief.
Jonah 1:9	And he said to them, I am an Hebrew; and I fear the LORD, the God of heaven, which has made the sea and the dry land.
Ruth 1:9	The LORD grant you that you may find rest, each of you in the house of her husband. Then she kissed them; and they lifted up their voice, and wept.
Psalm 95:11	To whom I swore in my wrath that they should not enter into my rest.
Joshua 15:11	And the border went out to the side of Ekron northward: and the border was drawn to Shicron, and passed along to mount Baalah, and went out to Jabneel; and the goings out of the border were at the sea.
2 Chronicles 31:18	And to the genealogy of all their little ones, their wives, and their sons, and their daughters, through all the congregation: for in their set office they sanctified themselves in holiness:
Revelation 8:10	And the third angel sounded, and there fell a great star from heaven, burning as it were a lamp, and it fell on the third part of the rivers, and on the fountains of waters;
Matthew 28:20	Teaching them to observe all things whatever I have commanded you: and, see, I am with you always, even to the end of the world. Amen.
2 Samuel 6:21	And David said to Michal, It was before the LORD, which chose me before your father, and before all his house, to appoint me ruler over the people of the LORD, over Israel: therefore will I play before the LORD.
1 Timothy 5:8	But if any provide not for his own, and specially for those of his own house, he has denied the faith, and is worse than an infidel.
Leviticus 18:15	You shall not uncover the nakedness of your daughter in law: she is your son’s wife; you shall not uncover her nakedness.
Psalm 94:15	But judgment shall return to righteousness: and all the upright in heart shall follow it.
Psalm 15:1	Lord, who shall abide in your tabernacle? who shall dwell in your holy hill?
Nehemiah 11:29	And at Enrimmon, and at Zareah, and at Jarmuth,
1 Chronicles 8:35	And the sons of Micah were, Pithon, and Melech, and Tarea, and Ahaz.
Proverbs 23:14	You shall beat him with the rod, and shall deliver his soul from hell.
Isaiah 8:15	And many among them shall stumble, and fall, and be broken, and be snared, and be taken.
Psalm 78:39	For he remembered that they were but flesh; a wind that passes away, and comes not again.
Proverbs 18:3	When the wicked comes, then comes also contempt, and with ignominy reproach.
2 Kings 12:19	And the rest of the acts of Joash, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
1 Corinthians 7:14	For the unbelieving husband is sanctified by the wife, and the unbelieving wife is sanctified by the husband: else were your children unclean; but now are they holy.
Numbers 28:18	In the first day shall be an holy convocation; you shall do no manner of servile work therein:
1 Corinthians 12:18	But now has God set the members every one of them in the body, as it has pleased him.
Jeremiah 19:11	And shall say to them, Thus said the LORD of hosts; Even so will I break this people and this city, as one breaks a potter’s vessel, that cannot be made whole again: and they shall bury them in Tophet, till there be no place to bury.
John 14:28	You have heard how I said to you, I go away, and come again to you. If you loved me, you would rejoice, because I said, I go to the Father: for my Father is greater than I.
Psalm 40:11	Withhold not you your tender mercies from me, O LORD: let your loving kindness and your truth continually preserve me.
Psalm 34:7	The angel of the LORD encamps round about them that fear him, and delivers them.
Ezekiel 16:50	And they were haughty, and committed abomination before me: therefore I took them away as I saw good.
Ezekiel 29:21	In that day will I cause the horn of the house of Israel to bud forth, and I will give you the opening of the mouth in the middle of them; and they shall know that I am the LORD.
John 1:46	And Nathanael said to him, Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth? Philip said to him, Come and see.
Ezekiel 28:16	By the multitude of your merchandise they have filled the middle of you with violence, and you have sinned: therefore I will cast you as profane out of the mountain of God: and I will destroy you, O covering cherub, from the middle of the stones of fire.
Deuteronomy 16:11	And you shall rejoice before the LORD your God, you, and your son, and your daughter, and your manservant, and your maidservant, and the Levite that is within your gates, and the stranger, and the fatherless, and the widow, that are among you, in the place which the LORD your God has chosen to place his name there.
Revelation 18:4	And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my people, that you be not partakers of her sins, and that you receive not of her plagues.
Deuteronomy 1:24	And they turned and went up into the mountain, and came to the valley of Eshcol, and searched it out.
Isaiah 24:7	The new wine mourns, the vine languishes, all the merry hearted do sigh.
Deuteronomy 13:12	If you shall hear say in one of your cities, which the LORD your God has given you to dwell there, saying,
Mark 10:7	For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and join to his wife;
Acts 8:6	And the people with one accord gave heed to those things which Philip spoke, hearing and seeing the miracles which he did.
Matthew 26:60	But found none: yes, though many false witnesses came, yet found they none. At the last came two false witnesses,
Galatians 3:14	That the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ; that we might receive the promise of the Spirit through faith.
Psalm 17:6	I have called on you, for you will hear me, O God: incline your ear to me, and hear my speech.
Genesis 31:22	And it was told Laban on the third day that Jacob was fled.
1 Samuel 13:20	But all the Israelites went down to the Philistines, to sharpen every man his share, and his coulter, and his ax, and his mattock.
Genesis 44:5	Is not this it in which my lord drinks, and whereby indeed he divines? you have done evil in so doing.
Luke 12:19	And I will say to my soul, Soul, you have much goods laid up for many years; take your ease, eat, drink, and be merry.
1 Chronicles 7:2	And the sons of Tola; Uzzi, and Rephaiah, and Jeriel, and Jahmai, and Jibsam, and Shemuel, heads of their father’s house, to wit, of Tola: they were valiant men of might in their generations; whose number was in the days of David two and twenty thousand and six hundred.
Psalm 88:1	O lord God of my salvation, I have cried day and night before you:
Psalm 109:23	I am gone like the shadow when it declines: I am tossed up and down as the locust.
Mark 9:39	But Jesus said, Forbid him not: for there is no man which shall do a miracle in my name, that can lightly speak evil of me.
Psalm 116:4	Then called I on the name of the LORD; O LORD, I beseech you, deliver my soul.
Exodus 29:23	And one loaf of bread, and one cake of oiled bread, and one wafer out of the basket of the unleavened bread that is before the LORD:
Job 11:14	If iniquity be in your hand, put it far away, and let not wickedness dwell in your tabernacles.
2 Chronicles 15:7	Be you strong therefore, and let not your hands be weak: for your work shall be rewarded.
Revelation 2:25	But that which you have already hold fast till I come.
Luke 7:32	They are like to children sitting in the marketplace, and calling one to another, and saying, We have piped to you, and you have not danced; we have mourned to you, and you have not wept.
Joshua 6:13	And seven priests bearing seven trumpets of rams’ horns before the ark of the LORD went on continually, and blew with the trumpets: and the armed men went before them; but the rear guard came after the ark of the LORD, the priests going on, and blowing with the trumpets.
Psalm 114:2	Judah was his sanctuary, and Israel his dominion.
1 Samuel 19:5	For he did put his life in his hand, and slew the Philistine, and the LORD worked a great salvation for all Israel: you saw it, and did rejoice: why then will you sin against innocent blood, to slay David without a cause?
Psalm 144:2	My goodness, and my fortress; my high tower, and my deliverer; my shield, and he in whom I trust; who subdues my people under me.
Genesis 10:17	And the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite,
Isaiah 49:4	Then I said, I have labored in vain, I have spent my strength for nothing, and in vain: yet surely my judgment is with the LORD, and my work with my God.
Hebrews 2:4	God also bearing them witness, both with signs and wonders, and with divers miracles, and gifts of the Holy Ghost, according to his own will?
1 Peter 4:5	Who shall give account to him that is ready to judge the quick and the dead.
Joshua 7:18	And he brought his household man by man; and Achan, the son of Carmi, the son of Zabdi, the son of Zerah, of the tribe of Judah, was taken.
Luke 4:42	And when it was day, he departed and went into a desert place: and the people sought him, and came to him, and stayed him, that he should not depart from them.
Nehemiah 8:5	And Ezra opened the book in the sight of all the people; (for he was above all the people;) and when he opened it, all the people stood up:
Genesis 46:9	And the sons of Reuben; Hanoch, and Phallu, and Hezron, and Carmi.
Lamentations 3:50	Till the LORD look down, and behold from heaven.
Proverbs 13:22	A good man leaves an inheritance to his children’s children: and the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the just.
Ezekiel 27:26	Your rowers have brought you into great waters: the east wind has broken you in the middle of the seas.
Isaiah 26:4	Trust you in the LORD for ever: for in the LORD JEHOVAH is everlasting strength:
Proverbs 29:24	Whoever is partner with a thief hates his own soul: he hears cursing, and denudes it not.
Leviticus 20:24	But I have said to you, You shall inherit their land, and I will give it to you to possess it, a land that flows with milk and honey: I am the LORD your God, which have separated you from other people.
Joshua 19:16	This is the inheritance of the children of Zebulun according to their families, these cities with their villages.
2 Samuel 20:11	And one of Joab’s men stood by him, and said, He that favors Joab, and he that is for David, let him go after Joab.
Joshua 21:30	And out of the tribe of Asher, Mishal with her suburbs, Abdon with her suburbs,
James 5:6	You have condemned and killed the just; and he does not resist you.
Acts 15:24	For as much as we have heard, that certain which went out from us have troubled you with words, subverting your souls, saying, You must be circumcised, and keep the law: to whom we gave no such commandment:
Isaiah 21:10	O my threshing, and the corn of my floor: that which I have heard of the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, have I declared to you.
Philemon 1:16	Not now as a servant, but above a servant, a brother beloved, specially to me, but how much more to you, both in the flesh, and in the Lord?
1 John 4:12	No man has seen God at any time. If we love one another, God dwells in us, and his love is perfected in us.
1 Corinthians 14:14	For if I pray in an unknown tongue, my spirit prays, but my understanding is unfruitful.
Ezekiel 40:10	And the little chambers of the gate eastward were three on this side, and three on that side; they three were of one measure: and the posts had one measure on this side and on that side.
Jeremiah 52:22	And a capital of brass was on it; and the height of one capital was five cubits, with network and pomegranates on the capitals round about, all of brass. The second pillar also and the pomegranates were like to these.
Acts 27:26	However, we must be cast on a certain island.
Romans 3:27	Where is boasting then? It is excluded. By what law? of works? No: but by the law of faith.
Joshua 15:53	And Janum, and Bethtappuah, and Aphekah,
Romans 16:17	Now I beseech you, brothers, mark them which cause divisions and offenses contrary to the doctrine which you have learned; and avoid them.
Genesis 34:19	And the young man deferred not to do the thing, because he had delight in Jacob’s daughter: and he was more honorable than all the house of his father.
Luke 20:35	But they which shall be accounted worthy to obtain that world, and the resurrection from the dead, neither marry, nor are given in marriage:
Jeremiah 3:25	We lie down in our shame, and our confusion covers us: for we have sinned against the LORD our God, we and our fathers, from our youth even to this day, and have not obeyed the voice of the LORD our God.
Proverbs 31:2	What, my son? and what, the son of my womb? and what, the son of my vows?
Acts 24:6	Who also has gone about to profane the temple: whom we took, and would have judged according to our law.
Ezekiel 46:1	Thus said the Lord GOD; The gate of the inner court that looks toward the east shall be shut the six working days; but on the sabbath it shall be opened, and in the day of the new moon it shall be opened.
Nehemiah 12:22	The Levites in the days of Eliashib, Joiada, and Johanan, and Jaddua, were recorded chief of the fathers: also the priests, to the reign of Darius the Persian.
Song of Solomon 1:4	Draw me, we will run after you: the king has brought me into his chambers: we will be glad and rejoice in you, we will remember your love more than wine: the upright love you.
Deuteronomy 1:31	And in the wilderness, where you have seen how that the LORD your God bore you, as a man does bear his son, in all the way that you went, until you came into this place.
Proverbs 28:8	He that by usury and unjust gain increases his substance, he shall gather it for him that will pity the poor.
Genesis 24:30	And it came to pass, when he saw the earring and bracelets on his sister’s hands, and when he heard the words of Rebekah his sister, saying, Thus spoke the man to me; that he came to the man; and, behold, he stood by the camels at the well.
Job 18:13	It shall devour the strength of his skin: even the firstborn of death shall devour his strength.
Matthew 27:62	Now the next day, that followed the day of the preparation, the chief priests and Pharisees came together to Pilate,
Esther 2:4	And let the maiden which pleases the king be queen instead of Vashti. And the thing pleased the king; and he did so.
Ezra 4:24	Then ceased the work of the house of God which is at Jerusalem. So it ceased to the second year of the reign of Darius king of Persia.
Job 14:1	Man that is born of a woman is of few days and full of trouble.
Numbers 15:17	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Jeremiah 50:34	Their Redeemer is strong; the LORD of hosts is his name: he shall thoroughly plead their cause, that he may give rest to the land, and disquiet the inhabitants of Babylon.
Ezra 2:7	The children of Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four.
Exodus 15:12	You stretched out your right hand, the earth swallowed them.
Exodus 18:19	Listen now to my voice, I will give you counsel, and God shall be with you: Be you for the people to God-ward, that you may bring the causes to God:
Proverbs 18:4	The words of a man’s mouth are as deep waters, and the wellspring of wisdom as a flowing brook.
Jeremiah 50:29	Call together the archers against Babylon: all you that bend the bow, camp against it round about; let none thereof escape: recompense her according to her work; according to all that she has done, do to her: for she has been proud against the LORD, against the Holy One of Israel.
Ecclesiastes 7:4	The heart of the wise is in the house of mourning; but the heart of fools is in the house of mirth.
Judges 20:24	And the children of Israel came near against the children of Benjamin the second day.
Isaiah 46:5	To whom will you liken me, and make me equal, and compare me, that we may be like?
Revelation 1:9	I John, who also am your brother, and companion in tribulation, and in the kingdom and patience of Jesus Christ, was in the isle that is called Patmos, for the word of God, and for the testimony of Jesus Christ.
Genesis 31:27	Why did you flee away secretly, and steal away from me; and did not tell me, that I might have sent you away with mirth, and with songs, with tabret, and with harp?
Matthew 22:10	So those servants went out into the highways, and gathered together all as many as they found, both bad and good: and the wedding was furnished with guests.
Genesis 25:7	And these are the days of the years of Abraham’s life which he lived, an hundred three score and fifteen years.
Jeremiah 35:16	Because the sons of Jonadab the son of Rechab have performed the commandment of their father, which he commanded them; but this people has not listened to me:
Acts 9:27	But Barnabas took him, and brought him to the apostles, and declared to them how he had seen the Lord in the way, and that he had spoken to him, and how he had preached boldly at Damascus in the name of Jesus.
Jeremiah 12:12	The spoilers are come on all high places through the wilderness: for the sword of the LORD shall devour from the one end of the land even to the other end of the land: no flesh shall have peace.
Matthew 18:20	For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the middle of them.
Ezekiel 4:12	And you shall eat it as barley cakes, and you shall bake it with dung that comes out of man, in their sight.
1 Chronicles 6:63	To the sons of Merari were given by lot, throughout their families, out of the tribe of Reuben, and out of the tribe of Gad, and out of the tribe of Zebulun, twelve cities.
Joel 2:32	And it shall come to pass, that whoever shall call on the name of the LORD shall be delivered: for in mount Zion and in Jerusalem shall be deliverance, as the LORD has said, and in the remnant whom the LORD shall call.
Zechariah 3:3	Now Joshua was clothed with filthy garments, and stood before the angel.
1 Chronicles 12:30	And of the children of Ephraim twenty thousand and eight hundred, mighty men of valor, famous throughout the house of their fathers.
Matthew 16:10	Neither the seven loaves of the four thousand, and how many baskets you took up?
Psalm 74:20	Have respect to the covenant: for the dark places of the earth are full of the habitations of cruelty.
Genesis 30:32	I will pass through all your flock to day, removing from there all the speckled and spotted cattle, and all the brown cattle among the sheep, and the spotted and speckled among the goats: and of such shall be my hire.
Jeremiah 5:8	They were as fed horses in the morning: every one neighed after his neighbor’s wife.
Mark 10:11	And he said to them, Whoever shall put away his wife, and marry another, commits adultery against her.
Matthew 15:20	These are the things which defile a man: but to eat with unwashed hands defiles not a man.
Proverbs 18:12	Before destruction the heart of man is haughty, and before honor is humility.
1 Kings 22:35	And the battle increased that day: and the king was stayed up in his chariot against the Syrians, and died at even: and the blood ran out of the wound into the middle of the chariot.
Psalm 115:18	But we will bless the LORD from this time forth and for ever more. Praise the LORD.
Genesis 11:3	And they said one to another, Go to, let us make brick, and burn them thoroughly. And they had brick for stone, and slime had they for mortar.
Isaiah 47:10	For you have trusted in your wickedness: you have said, None sees me. Your wisdom and your knowledge, it has perverted you; and you have said in your heart, I am, and none else beside me.
Numbers 18:7	Therefore you and your sons with you shall keep your priest’s office for everything of the altar, and within the veil; and you shall serve: I have given your priest’s office to you as a service of gift: and the stranger that comes near shall be put to death.
Psalm 57:7	My heart is fixed, O God, my heart is fixed: I will sing and give praise.
Proverbs 6:30	Men do not despise a thief, if he steal to satisfy his soul when he is hungry;
Psalm 79:2	The dead bodies of your servants have they given to be meat to the fowls of the heaven, the flesh of your saints to the beasts of the earth.
Leviticus 27:2	Speak to the children of Israel, and say to them, When a man shall make a singular vow, the persons shall be for the LORD by your estimation.
Revelation 3:13	He that has an ear, let him hear what the Spirit said to the churches.
Deuteronomy 5:10	And showing mercy to thousands of them that love me and keep my commandments.
John 18:22	And when he had thus spoken, one of the officers which stood by struck Jesus with the palm of his hand, saying, Answer you the high priest so?
Proverbs 26:17	He that passes by, and meddles with strife belonging not to him, is like one that takes a dog by the ears.
Psalm 21:7	For the king trusts in the LORD, and through the mercy of the most High he shall not be moved.
Luke 8:44	Came behind him, and touched the border of his garment: and immediately her issue of blood stanched.
Isaiah 51:16	And I have put my words in your mouth, and I have covered you in the shadow of my hand, that I may plant the heavens, and lay the foundations of the earth, and say to Zion, You are my people.
Numbers 5:28	And if the woman be not defiled, but be clean; then she shall be free, and shall conceive seed.
Ephesians 1:11	In whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated according to the purpose of him who works all things after the counsel of his own will:
Psalm 107:13	Then they cried to the LORD in their trouble, and he saved them out of their distresses.
Psalm 148:5	Let them praise the name of the LORD: for he commanded, and they were created.
Genesis 6:16	A window shall you make to the ark, and in a cubit shall you finish it above; and the door of the ark shall you set in the side thereof; with lower, second, and third stories shall you make it.
Genesis 13:9	Is not the whole land before you? separate yourself, I pray you, from me: if you will take the left hand, then I will go to the right; or if you depart to the right hand, then I will go to the left.
Ecclesiastes 7:16	Be not righteous over much; neither make yourself over wise: why should you destroy yourself ?
Numbers 1:36	Of the children of Benjamin, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Exodus 12:7	And they shall take of the blood, and strike it on the two side posts and on the upper door post of the houses, wherein they shall eat it.
John 11:40	Jesus said to her, Said I not to you, that, if you would believe, you should see the glory of God?
Judges 4:1	And the children of Israel again did evil in the sight of the LORD, when Ehud was dead.
Deuteronomy 11:16	Take heed to yourselves, that your heart be not deceived, and you turn aside, and serve other gods, and worship them;
Psalm 88:7	Your wrath lies hard on me, and you have afflicted me with all your waves. Selah.
Psalm 68:13	Though you have lien among the pots, yet shall you be as the wings of a dove covered with silver, and her feathers with yellow gold.
1 Timothy 5:18	For the scripture said, You shall not muzzle the ox that treads out the corn. And, The laborer is worthy of his reward.
Joshua 9:5	And old shoes and clouted on their feet, and old garments on them; and all the bread of their provision was dry and moldy.
Mark 4:36	And when they had sent away the multitude, they took him even as he was in the ship. And there were also with him other little ships.
Leviticus 11:5	And the coney, because he chews the cud, but divides not the hoof; he is unclean to you.
Psalm 25:18	Look on my affliction and my pain; and forgive all my sins.
Exodus 14:15	And the LORD said to Moses, Why cry you to me? speak to the children of Israel, that they go forward:
Hebrews 11:35	Women received their dead raised to life again: and others were tortured, not accepting deliverance; that they might obtain a better resurrection:
Hebrews 11:40	God having provided some better thing for us, that they without us should not be made perfect.
2 Kings 1:1	Then Moab rebelled against Israel after the death of Ahab.
Matthew 26:64	Jesus said to him, You have said: nevertheless I say to you, Hereafter shall you see the Son of man sitting on the right hand of power, and coming in the clouds of heaven.
Galatians 2:20	I am crucified with Christ: nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ lives in me: and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me, and gave himself for me.
1 Chronicles 17:23	Therefore now, LORD, let the thing that you have spoken concerning your servant and concerning his house be established for ever, and do as you have said.
Lamentations 5:5	Our necks are under persecution: we labor, and have no rest.
Genesis 37:3	Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his children, because he was the son of his old age: and he made him a coat of many colors.
1 Chronicles 24:5	Thus were they divided by lot, one sort with another; for the governors of the sanctuary, and governors of the house of God, were of the sons of Eleazar, and of the sons of Ithamar.
Psalm 9:15	The heathen are sunk down in the pit that they made: in the net which they hid is their own foot taken.
Exodus 4:8	And it shall come to pass, if they will not believe you, neither listen to the voice of the first sign, that they will believe the voice of the latter sign.
Job 38:23	Which I have reserved against the time of trouble, against the day of battle and war?
Ezekiel 36:1	Also, you son of man, prophesy to the mountains of Israel, and say, You mountains of Israel, hear the word of the LORD:
Matthew 10:38	And he that takes not his cross, and follows after me, is not worthy of me.
Acts 17:4	And some of them believed, and consorted with Paul and Silas; and of the devout Greeks a great multitude, and of the chief women not a few.
Job 8:11	Can the rush grow up without mire? can the flag grow without water?
Joshua 11:15	As the LORD commanded Moses his servant, so did Moses command Joshua, and so did Joshua; he left nothing undone of all that the LORD commanded Moses.
Proverbs 3:16	Length of days is in her right hand; and in her left hand riches and honor.
Deuteronomy 33:17	His glory is like the firstling of his bullock, and his horns are like the horns of unicorns: with them he shall push the people together to the ends of the earth: and they are the ten thousands of Ephraim, and they are the thousands of Manasseh.
Ezekiel 11:19	And I will give them one heart, and I will put a new spirit within you; and I will take the stony heart out of their flesh, and will give them an heart of flesh:
Psalm 35:18	I will give you thanks in the great congregation: I will praise you among much people.
1 Chronicles 3:7	And Nogah, and Nepheg, and Japhia,
1 Kings 12:2	And it came to pass, when Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who was yet in Egypt, heard of it, (for he was fled from the presence of king Solomon, and Jeroboam dwelled in Egypt;)
Psalm 119:117	Hold you me up, and I shall be safe: and I will have respect to your statutes continually.
Genesis 7:3	Of fowls also of the air by sevens, the male and the female; to keep seed alive on the face of all the earth.
Isaiah 40:13	Who has directed the Spirit of the LORD, or being his counselor has taught him?
1 Chronicles 26:10	Also Hosah, of the children of Merari, had sons; Simri the chief, (for though he was not the firstborn, yet his father made him the chief;)
Acts 11:3	Saying, You went in to men uncircumcised, and did eat with them.
Nehemiah 7:52	The children of Besai, the children of Meunim, the children of Nephishesim,
Psalm 48:1	Great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised in the city of our God, in the mountain of his holiness.
Hebrews 4:4	For he spoke in a certain place of the seventh day on this wise, And God did rest the seventh day from all his works.
2 Samuel 23:14	And David was then in an hold, and the garrison of the Philistines was then in Bethlehem.
Job 6:17	What time they wax warm, they vanish: when it is hot, they are consumed out of their place.
Psalm 24:5	He shall receive the blessing from the LORD, and righteousness from the God of his salvation.
Genesis 43:31	And he washed his face, and went out, and refrained himself, and said, Set on bread.
Ezra 2:51	The children of Bakbuk, the children of Hakupha, the children of Harhur,
Exodus 37:5	And he put the staves into the rings by the sides of the ark, to bear the ark.
Isaiah 24:12	In the city is left desolation, and the gate is smitten with destruction.
Psalm 69:31	This also shall please the LORD better than an ox or bullock that has horns and hoofs.
Ezekiel 29:18	Son of man, Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon caused his army to serve a great service against Tyrus: every head was made bald, and every shoulder was peeled: yet had he no wages, nor his army, for Tyrus, for the service that he had served against it:
Genesis 38:2	And Judah saw there a daughter of a certain Canaanite, whose name was Shuah; and he took her, and went in to her.
Psalm 114:7	Tremble, you earth, at the presence of the Lord, at the presence of the God of Jacob;
Ezekiel 45:2	Of this there shall be for the sanctuary five hundred in length, with five hundred in breadth, square round about; and fifty cubits round about for the suburbs thereof.
Mark 5:7	And cried with a loud voice, and said, What have I to do with you, Jesus, you Son of the most high God? I adjure you by God, that you torment me not.
1 Chronicles 23:10	And the sons of Shimei were, Jahath, Zina, and Jeush, and Beriah. These four were the sons of Shimei.
Romans 15:28	When therefore I have performed this, and have sealed to them this fruit, I will come by you into Spain.
Exodus 40:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
2 Kings 13:19	And the man of God was wroth with him, and said, You should have smitten five or six times; then had you smitten Syria till you had consumed it: whereas now you shall smite Syria but thrice.
Joel 3:11	Assemble yourselves, and come, all you heathen, and gather yourselves together round about: thither cause your mighty ones to come down, O LORD.
2 Kings 13:17	And he said, Open the window eastward. And he opened it. Then Elisha said, Shoot. And he shot. And he said, The arrow of the LORD’s deliverance, and the arrow of deliverance from Syria: for you shall smite the Syrians in Aphek, till you have consumed them.
Deuteronomy 28:60	Moreover he will bring on you all the diseases of Egypt, which you were afraid of; and they shall stick to you.
Romans 1:15	So, as much as in me is, I am ready to preach the gospel to you that are at Rome also.
Proverbs 21:13	Whoever stops his ears at the cry of the poor, he also shall cry himself, but shall not be heard.
Psalm 109:3	They compassed me about also with words of hatred; and fought against me without a cause.
Judges 19:28	And he said to her, Up, and let us be going. But none answered. Then the man took her up on an ass, and the man rose up, and got him to his place.
2 Corinthians 4:12	So then death works in us, but life in you.
John 20:30	And many other signs truly did Jesus in the presence of his disciples, which are not written in this book:
Daniel 3:5	That at what time you hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, dulcimer, and all kinds of music, you fall down and worship the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king has set up:
Philippians 4:7	And the peace of God, which passes all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.
1 Corinthians 12:13	For by one Spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free; and have been all made to drink into one Spirit.
Isaiah 40:10	Behold, the Lord GOD will come with strong hand, and his arm shall rule for him: behold, his reward is with him, and his work before him.
Leviticus 3:2	And he shall lay his hand on the head of his offering, and kill it at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation: and Aaron’s sons the priests shall sprinkle the blood on the altar round about.
2 Kings 19:34	For I will defend this city, to save it, for my own sake, and for my servant David’s sake.
Proverbs 19:25	Smite a scorner, and the simple will beware: and reprove one that has understanding, and he will understand knowledge.
Deuteronomy 4:32	For ask now of the days that are past, which were before you, since the day that God created man on the earth, and ask from the one side of heaven to the other, whether there has been any such thing as this great thing is, or has been heard like it?
Psalm 119:154	Plead my cause, and deliver me: quicken me according to your word.
Revelation 21:26	And they shall bring the glory and honor of the nations into it.
Luke 20:44	David therefore calls him Lord, how is he then his son?
Numbers 32:17	But we ourselves will go ready armed before the children of Israel, until we have brought them to their place: and our little ones shall dwell in the fenced cities because of the inhabitants of the land.
2 Kings 4:15	And he said, Call her. And when he had called her, she stood in the door.
Joshua 19:18	And their border was toward Jezreel, and Chesulloth, and Shunem,
Proverbs 27:4	Wrath is cruel, and anger is outrageous; but who is able to stand before envy?
Hebrews 4:15	For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.
Psalm 45:14	She shall be brought to the king in raiment of needlework: the virgins her companions that follow her shall be brought to you.
2 Thessalonians 2:17	Comfort your hearts, and establish you in every good word and work.
Daniel 2:20	Daniel answered and said, Blessed be the name of God for ever and ever: for wisdom and might are his:
Isaiah 8:2	And I took to me faithful witnesses to record, Uriah the priest, and Zechariah the son of Jeberechiah.
Nehemiah 2:1	And it came to pass in the month Nisan, in the twentieth year of Artaxerxes the king, that wine was before him: and I took up the wine, and gave it to the king. Now I had not been beforetime sad in his presence.
Ephesians 4:16	From whom the whole body fitly joined together and compacted by that which every joint supplies, according to the effectual working in the measure of every part, makes increase of the body to the edifying of itself in love.
Numbers 22:4	And Moab said to the elders of Midian, Now shall this company lick up all that are round about us, as the ox licks up the grass of the field. And Balak the son of Zippor was king of the Moabites at that time.
Jeremiah 49:20	Therefore hear the counsel of the LORD, that he has taken against Edom; and his purposes, that he has purposed against the inhabitants of Teman: Surely the least of the flock shall draw them out: surely he shall make their habitations desolate with them.
Leviticus 3:8	And he shall lay his hand on the head of his offering, and kill it before the tabernacle of the congregation: and Aaron’s sons shall sprinkle the blood thereof round about on the altar.
Exodus 4:1	And Moses answered and said, But, behold, they will not believe me, nor listen to my voice: for they will say, The LORD has not appeared to you.
Psalm 61:4	I will abide in your tabernacle for ever: I will trust in the covert of your wings. Selah.
Mark 13:1	And as he went out of the temple, one of his disciples said to him, Master, see what manner of stones and what buildings are here!
Romans 15:7	Why receive you one another, as Christ also received us to the glory of God.
2 Samuel 16:12	It may be that the LORD will look on my affliction, and that the LORD will requite me good for his cursing this day.
1 Chronicles 18:15	And Joab the son of Zeruiah was over the host; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud, recorder.
Galatians 3:15	Brothers, I speak after the manner of men; Though it be but a man’s covenant, yet if it be confirmed, no man cancels, or adds thereto.
2 Chronicles 10:13	And the king answered them roughly; and king Rehoboam forsook the counsel of the old men,
Exodus 18:26	And they judged the people at all seasons: the hard causes they brought to Moses, but every small matter they judged themselves.
Job 34:32	That which I see not teach you me: if I have done iniquity, I will do no more.
1 Samuel 7:8	And the children of Israel said to Samuel, Cease not to cry to the LORD our God for us, that he will save us out of the hand of the Philistines.
1 Samuel 14:26	And when the people were come into the wood, behold, the honey dropped; but no man put his hand to his mouth: for the people feared the oath.
Hebrews 5:6	As he said also in another place, You are a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec.
Leviticus 16:27	And the bullock for the sin offering, and the goat for the sin offering, whose blood was brought in to make atonement in the holy place, shall one carry forth without the camp; and they shall burn in the fire their skins, and their flesh, and their dung.
Psalm 113:4	The LORD is high above all nations, and his glory above the heavens.
Job 2:6	And the LORD said to Satan, Behold, he is in your hand; but save his life.
2 Samuel 11:5	And the woman conceived, and sent and told David, and said, I am with child.
2 Kings 11:9	And the captains over the hundreds did according to all things that Jehoiada the priest commanded: and they took every man his men that were to come in on the sabbath, with them that should go out on the sabbath, and came to Jehoiada the priest.
Acts 1:1	The former treatise have I made, O Theophilus, of all that Jesus began both to do and teach,
Nehemiah 6:12	And, see, I perceived that God had not sent him; but that he pronounced this prophecy against me: for Tobiah and Sanballat had hired him.
Exodus 24:14	And he said to the elders, Tarry you here for us, until we come again to you: and, behold, Aaron and Hur are with you: if any man have any matters to do, let him come to them.
1 Samuel 7:2	And it came to pass, while the ark stayed in Kirjathjearim, that the time was long; for it was twenty years: and all the house of Israel lamented after the LORD.
Isaiah 59:2	But your iniquities have separated between you and your God, and your sins have hid his face from you, that he will not hear.
Romans 15:15	Nevertheless, brothers, I have written the more boldly to you in some sort, as putting you in mind, because of the grace that is given to me of God,
Luke 7:21	And in that same hour he cured many of their infirmities and plagues, and of evil spirits; and to many that were blind he gave sight.
John 10:29	My Father, which gave them me, is greater than all; and no man is able to pluck them out of my Father’s hand.
Isaiah 43:14	Thus said the LORD, your redeemer, the Holy One of Israel; For your sake I have sent to Babylon, and have brought down all their nobles, and the Chaldeans, whose cry is in the ships.
Titus 3:13	Bring Zenas the lawyer and Apollos on their journey diligently, that nothing be wanting to them.
Judges 6:9	And I delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of all that oppressed you, and drove them out from before you, and gave you their land;
Job 27:23	Men shall clap their hands at him, and shall hiss him out of his place.
Acts 7:50	Has not my hand made all these things?
Genesis 34:11	And Shechem said to her father and to her brothers, Let me find grace in your eyes, and what you shall say to me I will give.
Jeremiah 11:13	For according to the number of your cities were your gods, O Judah; and according to the number of the streets of Jerusalem have you set up altars to that shameful thing, even altars to burn incense to Baal.
Numbers 30:9	But every vow of a widow, and of her that is divorced, with which they have bound their souls, shall stand against her.
Hosea 7:5	In the day of our king the princes have made him sick with bottles of wine; he stretched out his hand with scorners.
Genesis 47:28	And Jacob lived in the land of Egypt seventeen years: so the whole age of Jacob was an hundred forty and seven years.
1 Thessalonians 5:23	And the very God of peace sanctify you wholly; and I pray God your whole spirit and soul and body be preserved blameless to the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Job 23:7	There the righteous might dispute with him; so should I be delivered for ever from my judge.
Matthew 12:8	For the Son of man is Lord even of the sabbath day.
Ephesians 4:25	Why putting away lying, speak every man truth with his neighbor: for we are members one of another.
Numbers 31:4	Of every tribe a thousand, throughout all the tribes of Israel, shall you send to the war.
1 Samuel 5:11	So they sent and gathered together all the lords of the Philistines, and said, Send away the ark of the God of Israel, and let it go again to his own place, that it slay us not, and our people: for there was a deadly destruction throughout all the city; the hand of God was very heavy there.
Genesis 35:25	And the sons of Bilhah, Rachel’s handmaid; Dan, and Naphtali:
Ezekiel 35:5	Because you have had a perpetual hatred, and have shed the blood of the children of Israel by the force of the sword in the time of their calamity, in the time that their iniquity had an end:
Jeremiah 12:2	You have planted them, yes, they have taken root: they grow, yes, they bring forth fruit: you are near in their mouth, and far from their reins.
1 Chronicles 19:16	And when the Syrians saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, they sent messengers, and drew forth the Syrians that were beyond the river: and Shophach the captain of the host of Hadarezer went before them.
Matthew 7:22	Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in your name? and in your name have cast out devils? and in your name done many wonderful works?
Luke 17:10	So likewise you, when you shall have done all those things which are commanded you, say, We are unprofitable servants: we have done that which was our duty to do.
2 Chronicles 30:25	And all the congregation of Judah, with the priests and the Levites, and all the congregation that came out of Israel, and the strangers that came out of the land of Israel, and that dwelled in Judah, rejoiced.
Luke 1:25	Thus has the Lord dealt with me in the days wherein he looked on me, to take away my reproach among men.
2 Kings 2:24	And he turned back, and looked on them, and cursed them in the name of the LORD. And there came forth two she bears out of the wood, and tare forty and two children of them.
Lamentations 3:49	My eye trickles down, and ceases not, without any intermission.
Psalm 64:3	Who whet their tongue like a sword, and bend their bows to shoot their arrows, even bitter words:
Leviticus 24:3	Without the veil of the testimony, in the tabernacle of the congregation, shall Aaron order it from the evening to the morning before the LORD continually: it shall be a statute for ever in your generations.
Deuteronomy 4:39	Know therefore this day, and consider it in your heart, that the LORD he is God in heaven above, and on the earth beneath: there is none else.
Deuteronomy 16:14	And you shall rejoice in your feast, you, and your son, and your daughter, and your manservant, and your maidservant, and the Levite, the stranger, and the fatherless, and the widow, that are within your gates.
Psalm 38:2	For your arrows stick fast in me, and your hand presses me sore.
Judges 16:17	That he told her all his heart, and said to her, There has not come a razor on my head; for I have been a Nazarite to God from my mother’s womb: if I be shaven, then my strength will go from me, and I shall become weak, and be like any other man.
Psalm 129:1	Many a time have they afflicted me from my youth, may Israel now say:
Nehemiah 5:12	Then said they, We will restore them, and will require nothing of them; so will we do as you say. Then I called the priests, and took an oath of them, that they should do according to this promise.
2 Samuel 13:18	And she had a garment of divers colors on her: for with such robes were the king’s daughters that were virgins appareled. Then his servant brought her out, and bolted the door after her.
Hosea 13:1	When Ephraim spoke trembling, he exalted himself in Israel; but when he offended in Baal, he died.
Proverbs 26:6	He that sends a message by the hand of a fool cuts off the feet, and drinks damage.
Joel 2:23	Be glad then, you children of Zion, and rejoice in the LORD your God: for he has given you the former rain moderately, and he will cause to come down for you the rain, the former rain, and the latter rain in the first month.
Mark 10:32	And they were in the way going up to Jerusalem; and Jesus went before them: and they were amazed; and as they followed, they were afraid. And he took again the twelve, and began to tell them what things should happen to him,
Numbers 21:25	And Israel took all these cities: and Israel dwelled in all the cities of the Amorites, in Heshbon, and in all the villages thereof.
Jeremiah 49:12	For thus said the LORD; Behold, they whose judgment was not to drink of the cup have assuredly drunken; and are you he that shall altogether go unpunished? you shall not go unpunished, but you shall surely drink of it.
Daniel 8:1	In the third year of the reign of king Belshazzar a vision appeared to me, even to me Daniel, after that which appeared to me at the first.
Psalm 119:71	It is good for me that I have been afflicted; that I might learn your statutes.
Romans 11:24	For if you were cut out of the olive tree which is wild by nature, and were grafted contrary to nature into a good olive tree: how much more shall these, which be the natural branches, be grafted into their own olive tree?
2 Kings 15:11	And the rest of the acts of Zachariah, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel.
Leviticus 21:3	And for his sister a virgin, that is near to him, which has had no husband; for her may he be defiled.
2 Kings 8:18	And he walked in the way of the kings of Israel, as did the house of Ahab: for the daughter of Ahab was his wife: and he did evil in the sight of the LORD.
Matthew 9:11	And when the Pharisees saw it, they said to his disciples, Why eats your Master with publicans and sinners?
1 Chronicles 24:17	The one and twentieth to Jachin, the two and twentieth to Gamul,
Ezra 2:49	The children of Uzza, the children of Paseah, the children of Besai,
1 Samuel 4:19	And his daughter in law, Phinehas’ wife, was with child, near to be delivered: and when she heard the tidings that the ark of God was taken, and that her father in law and her husband were dead, she bowed herself and travailed; for her pains came on her.
Matthew 7:4	Or how will you say to your brother, Let me pull out the mote out of your eye; and, behold, a beam is in your own eye?
Exodus 27:16	And for the gate of the court shall be an hanging of twenty cubits, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, worked with needlework: and their pillars shall be four, and their sockets four.
Exodus 33:20	And he said, You can not see my face: for there shall no man see me, and live.
1 Chronicles 6:53	Zadok his son, Ahimaaz his son.
Isaiah 22:10	And you have numbered the houses of Jerusalem, and the houses have you broken down to fortify the wall.
Exodus 20:12	Honor your father and your mother: that your days may be long on the land which the LORD your God gives you.
Hebrews 11:33	Who through faith subdued kingdoms, worked righteousness, obtained promises, stopped the mouths of lions.
Isaiah 44:16	He burns part thereof in the fire; with part thereof he eats flesh; he roasts roast, and is satisfied: yes, he warms himself, and said, Aha, I am warm, I have seen the fire:
Proverbs 29:1	He, that being often reproved hardens his neck, shall suddenly be destroyed, and that without remedy.
1 Samuel 3:10	And the LORD came, and stood, and called as at other times, Samuel, Samuel. Then Samuel answered, Speak; for your servant hears.
Romans 4:21	And being fully persuaded that, what he had promised, he was able also to perform.
Genesis 19:34	And it came to pass on the morrow, that the firstborn said to the younger, Behold, I lay last night with my father: let us make him drink wine this night also; and go you in, and lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father.
Exodus 23:18	You shall not offer the blood of my sacrifice with leavened bread; neither shall the fat of my sacrifice remain until the morning.
Judges 14:14	And he said to them, Out of the eater came forth meat, and out of the strong came forth sweetness. And they could not in three days expound the riddle.
Exodus 30:14	Every one that passes among them that are numbered, from twenty years old and above, shall give an offering to the LORD.
Numbers 33:34	And they removed from Jotbathah, and encamped at Ebronah.
Luke 22:19	And he took bread, and gave thanks, and broke it, and gave to them, saying, This is my body which is given for you: this do in remembrance of me.
Psalm 31:18	Let the lying lips be put to silence; which speak grievous things proudly and contemptuously against the righteous.
2 Chronicles 33:10	And the LORD spoke to Manasseh, and to his people: but they would not listen.
Acts 1:17	For he was numbered with us, and had obtained part of this ministry.
Proverbs 5:18	Let your fountain be blessed: and rejoice with the wife of your youth.
Romans 10:12	For there is no difference between the Jew and the Greek: for the same Lord over all is rich to all that call on him.
Ezekiel 37:1	The hand of the LORD was on me, and carried me out in the spirit of the LORD, and set me down in the middle of the valley which was full of bones,
Isaiah 44:12	The smith with the tongs both works in the coals, and fashions it with hammers, and works it with the strength of his arms: yes, he is hungry, and his strength fails: he drinks no water, and is faint.
Zechariah 11:12	And I said to them, If you think good, give me my price; and if not, forbear. So they weighed for my price thirty pieces of silver.
Acts 3:10	And they knew that it was he which sat for alms at the Beautiful gate of the temple: and they were filled with wonder and amazement at that which had happened to him.
Matthew 19:8	He said to them, Moses because of the hardness of your hearts suffered you to put away your wives: but from the beginning it was not so.
Luke 5:6	And when they had this done, they enclosed a great multitude of fishes: and their net broke.
Jeremiah 2:1	Moreover the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
1 Samuel 10:18	And said to the children of Israel, Thus said the LORD God of Israel, I brought up Israel out of Egypt, and delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of all kingdoms, and of them that oppressed you:
Genesis 31:5	And said to them, I see your father’s countenance, that it is not toward me as before; but the God of my father has been with me.
2 Samuel 21:16	And Ishbibenob, which was of the sons of the giant, the weight of whose spear weighed three hundred shekels of brass in weight, he being girded with a new sword, thought to have slain David.
Revelation 9:19	For their power is in their mouth, and in their tails: for their tails were like to serpents, and had heads, and with them they do hurt.
Deuteronomy 31:19	Now therefore write you this song for you, and teach it the children of Israel: put it in their mouths, that this song may be a witness for me against the children of Israel.
Psalm 73:26	My flesh and my heart fails: but God is the strength of my heart, and my portion for ever.
Acts 13:35	Why he said also in another psalm, You shall not suffer your Holy One to see corruption.
Psalm 113:1	Praise you the LORD. Praise, O you servants of the LORD, praise the name of the LORD.
Psalm 74:8	They said in their hearts, Let us destroy them together: they have burned up all the synagogues of God in the land.
Deuteronomy 28:46	And they shall be on you for a sign and for a wonder, and on your seed for ever.
John 12:7	Then said Jesus, Let her alone: against the day of my burying has she kept this.
Exodus 5:4	And the king of Egypt said to them, Why do you, Moses and Aaron, let the people from their works? get you to your burdens.
2 Corinthians 12:2	I knew a man in Christ above fourteen years ago, (whether in the body, I cannot tell; or whether out of the body, I cannot tell: God knows;) such an one caught up to the third heaven.
1 Corinthians 10:13	There has no temptation taken you but such as is common to man: but God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that you are able; but will with the temptation also make a way to escape, that you may be able to bear it.
Acts 25:9	But Festus, willing to do the Jews a pleasure, answered Paul, and said, Will you go up to Jerusalem, and there be judged of these things before me?
Psalm 40:10	I have not hid your righteousness within my heart; I have declared your faithfulness and your salvation: I have not concealed your loving kindness and your truth from the great congregation.
Job 36:28	Which the clouds do drop and distil on man abundantly.
2 Chronicles 10:7	And they spoke to him, saying, If you be kind to this people, and please them, and speak good words to them, they will be your servants for ever.
1 Samuel 4:2	And the Philistines put themselves in array against Israel: and when they joined battle, Israel was smitten before the Philistines: and they slew of the army in the field about four thousand men.
Nehemiah 9:27	Therefore you delivered them into the hand of their enemies, who vexed them: and in the time of their trouble, when they cried to you, you heard them from heaven; and according to your manifold mercies you gave them saviors, who saved them out of the hand of their enemies.
1 Kings 21:4	And Ahab came into his house heavy and displeased because of the word which Naboth the Jezreelite had spoken to him: for he had said, I will not give you the inheritance of my fathers. And he laid him down on his bed, and turned away his face, and would eat no bread.
1 Kings 15:5	Because David did that which was right in the eyes of the LORD, and turned not aside from any thing that he commanded him all the days of his life, save only in the matter of Uriah the Hittite.
2 Samuel 8:1	And after this it came to pass that David smote the Philistines, and subdued them: and David took Methegammah out of the hand of the Philistines.
1 Kings 6:6	The nethermost chamber was five cubits broad, and the middle was six cubits broad, and the third was seven cubits broad: for without in the wall of the house he made narrowed rests round about, that the beams should not be fastened in the walls of the house.
Luke 23:19	(Who for a certain sedition made in the city, and for murder, was cast into prison.)
Psalm 70:1	MAKE HASTE, O GOD, TO DELIVER ME; MAKE HASTE TO HELP ME, O LORD.
Acts 2:16	But this is that which was spoken by the prophet Joel;
Zechariah 9:9	Rejoice greatly, O daughter of Zion; shout, O daughter of Jerusalem: behold, your King comes to you: he is just, and having salvation; lowly, and riding on an ass, and on a colt the foal of an ass.
Psalm 2:5	Then shall he speak to them in his wrath, and vex them in his sore displeasure.
1 John 5:8	And there are three that bear witness in earth, the Spirit, and the water, and the blood: and these three agree in one.
Ezra 2:13	The children of Adonikam, six hundred sixty and six.
1 John 1:8	If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us.
1 Corinthians 10:32	Give none offense, neither to the Jews, nor to the Gentiles, nor to the church of God:
John 6:68	Then Simon Peter answered him, Lord, to whom shall we go? you have the words of eternal life.
Numbers 16:30	But if the LORD make a new thing, and the earth open her mouth, and swallow them up, with all that appertain to them, and they go down quick into the pit; then you shall understand that these men have provoked the LORD.
Jude 1:25	To the only wise God our Savior, be glory and majesty, dominion and power, both now and ever. Amen.
Genesis 43:16	And when Joseph saw Benjamin with them, he said to the ruler of his house, Bring these men home, and slay, and make ready; for these men shall dine with me at noon.
Judges 2:14	And the anger of the LORD was hot against Israel, and he delivered them into the hands of spoilers that spoiled them, and he sold them into the hands of their enemies round about, so that they could not any longer stand before their enemies.
1 John 3:14	We know that we have passed from death to life, because we love the brothers. He that loves not his brother stays in death.
1 Kings 16:16	And the people that were encamped heard say, Zimri has conspired, and has also slain the king: why all Israel made Omri, the captain of the host, king over Israel that day in the camp.
Mark 2:25	And he said to them, Have you never read what David did, when he had need, and was an hungered, he, and they that were with him?
1 Chronicles 6:16	The sons of Levi; Gershom, Kohath, and Merari.
Hosea 14:6	His branches shall spread, and his beauty shall be as the olive tree, and his smell as Lebanon.
2 Kings 23:16	And as Josiah turned himself, he spied the sepulchers that were there in the mount, and sent, and took the bones out of the sepulchers, and burned them on the altar, and polluted it, according to the word of the LORD which the man of God proclaimed, who proclaimed these words.
Matthew 20:15	Is it not lawful for me to do what I will with my own? Is your eye evil, because I am good?
Genesis 21:27	And Abraham took sheep and oxen, and gave them to Abimelech; and both of them made a covenant.
John 6:11	And Jesus took the loaves; and when he had given thanks, he distributed to the disciples, and the disciples to them that were set down; and likewise of the fishes as much as they would.
2 Chronicles 17:9	And they taught in Judah, and had the book of the law of the LORD with them, and went about throughout all the cities of Judah, and taught the people.
Joshua 6:21	And they utterly destroyed all that was in the city, both man and woman, young and old, and ox, and sheep, and ass, with the edge of the sword.
Acts 1:3	To whom also he showed himself alive after his passion by many infallible proofs, being seen of them forty days, and speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God:
Matthew 25:3	They that were foolish took their lamps, and took no oil with them:
Daniel 4:15	Nevertheless leave the stump of his roots in the earth, even with a band of iron and brass, in the tender grass of the field; and let it be wet with the dew of heaven, and let his portion be with the beasts in the grass of the earth:
Proverbs 5:20	And why will you, my son, be ravished with a strange woman, and embrace the bosom of a stranger?
Nehemiah 12:42	And Maaseiah, and Shemaiah, and Eleazar, and Uzzi, and Jehohanan, and Malchijah, and Elam, and Ezer. And the singers sang loud, with Jezrahiah their overseer.
Jeremiah 21:8	And to this people you shall say, Thus said the LORD; Behold, I set before you the way of life, and the way of death.
2 Samuel 14:11	Then said she, I pray you, let the king remember the LORD your God, that you would not suffer the revengers of blood to destroy any more, lest they destroy my son. And he said, As the LORD lives, there shall not one hair of your son fall to the earth.
1 Samuel 9:23	And Samuel said to the cook, Bring the portion which I gave you, of which I said to you, Set it by you.
2 Kings 17:16	And they left all the commandments of the LORD their God, and made them molten images, even two calves, and made a grove, and worshipped all the host of heaven, and served Baal.
2 Samuel 23:37	Zelek the Ammonite, Nahari the Beerothite, armor bearer to Joab the son of Zeruiah,
Numbers 16:3	And they gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron, and said to them, You take too much on you, seeing all the congregation are holy, every one of them, and the LORD is among them: why then lift you up yourselves above the congregation of the LORD?
1 Chronicles 1:2	Kenan, Mahalaleel, Jered,
Revelation 6:9	And when he had opened the fifth seal, I saw under the altar the souls of them that were slain for the word of God, and for the testimony which they held:
Genesis 5:9	And Enos lived ninety years, and begat Cainan:
1 Corinthians 15:46	However, that was not first which is spiritual, but that which is natural; and afterward that which is spiritual.
Genesis 27:39	And Isaac his father answered and said to him, Behold, your dwelling shall be the fatness of the earth, and of the dew of heaven from above;
Numbers 36:10	Even as the LORD commanded Moses, so did the daughters of Zelophehad:
Jeremiah 20:3	And it came to pass on the morrow, that Pashur brought forth Jeremiah out of the stocks. Then said Jeremiah to him, The LORD has not called your name Pashur, but Magormissabib.
Exodus 30:21	So they shall wash their hands and their feet, that they die not: and it shall be a statute for ever to them, even to him and to his seed throughout their generations.
Acts 16:19	And when her masters saw that the hope of their gains was gone, they caught Paul and Silas, and drew them into the marketplace to the rulers,
Psalm 121:4	Behold, he that keeps Israel shall neither slumber nor sleep.
Nehemiah 10:17	Ater, Hizkijah, Azzur,
Numbers 31:14	And Moses was wroth with the officers of the host, with the captains over thousands, and captains over hundreds, which came from the battle.
2 Corinthians 13:12	Greet one another with an holy kiss.
Mark 4:23	If any man have ears to hear, let him hear.
Ezekiel 21:21	For the king of Babylon stood at the parting of the way, at the head of the two ways, to use divination: he made his arrows bright, he consulted with images, he looked in the liver.
Proverbs 3:12	For whom the LORD loves he corrects; even as a father the son in whom he delights.
Deuteronomy 32:4	He is the Rock, his work is perfect: for all his ways are judgment: a God of truth and without iniquity, just and right is he.
Psalm 150:4	Praise him with the tambourine and dance: praise him with stringed instruments and organs.
Judges 6:25	And it came to pass the same night, that the LORD said to him, Take your father’s young bullock, even the second bullock of seven years old, and throw down the altar of Baal that your father has, and cut down the grove that is by it:
Joshua 12:13	The king of Debir, one; the king of Geder, one;
2 Chronicles 22:9	And he sought Ahaziah: and they caught him, (for he was hid in Samaria,) and brought him to Jehu: and when they had slain him, they buried him: Because, said they, he is the son of Jehoshaphat, who sought the LORD with all his heart. So the house of Ahaziah had no power to keep still the kingdom.
Genesis 13:11	Then Lot chose him all the plain of Jordan; and Lot journeyed east: and they separated themselves the one from the other.
Matthew 18:30	And he would not: but went and cast him into prison, till he should pay the debt.
Jeremiah 7:28	But you shall say to them, This is a nation that obeys not the voice of the LORD their God, nor receives correction: truth is perished, and is cut off from their mouth.
Numbers 17:12	And the children of Israel spoke to Moses, saying, Behold, we die, we perish, we all perish.
1 Corinthians 12:20	But now are they many members, yet but one body.
Luke 6:44	For every tree is known by his own fruit. For of thorns men do not gather figs, nor of a bramble bush gather they grapes.
1 Chronicles 23:14	Now concerning Moses the man of God, his sons were named of the tribe of Levi.
Zechariah 4:13	And he answered me and said, Know you not what these be? And I said, No, my lord.
Deuteronomy 13:1	If there arise among you a prophet, or a dreamer of dreams, and gives you a sign or a wonder,
1 Chronicles 21:27	And the LORD commanded the angel; and he put up his sword again into the sheath thereof.
Nehemiah 7:5	And my God put into my heart to gather together the nobles, and the rulers, and the people, that they might be reckoned by genealogy. And I found a register of the genealogy of them which came up at the first, and found written therein,
Romans 14:23	And he that doubts is damned if he eat, because he eats not of faith: for whatever is not of faith is sin.
2 Timothy 3:13	But evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving, and being deceived.
Daniel 2:36	This is the dream; and we will tell the interpretation thereof before the king.
1 Chronicles 11:33	Azmaveth the Baharumite, Eliahba the Shaalbonite,
Isaiah 23:18	And her merchandise and her hire shall be holiness to the LORD: it shall not be treasured nor laid up; for her merchandise shall be for them that dwell before the LORD, to eat sufficiently, and for durable clothing.
Daniel 8:6	And he came to the ram that had two horns, which I had seen standing before the river, and ran to him in the fury of his power.
Exodus 29:8	And you shall bring his sons, and put coats on them.
Daniel 4:13	I saw in the visions of my head on my bed, and, behold, a watcher and an holy one came down from heaven;
1 Chronicles 15:13	For because you did it not at the first, the LORD our God made a breach on us, for that we sought him not after the due order.
Joshua 14:10	And now, behold, the LORD has kept me alive, as he said, these forty and five years, even since the LORD spoke this word to Moses, while the children of Israel wandered in the wilderness: and now, see, I am this day fourscore and five years old.
Numbers 25:12	Why say, Behold, I give to him my covenant of peace:
Lamentations 3:6	He has set me in dark places, as they that be dead of old.
Matthew 14:8	And she, being before instructed of her mother, said, Give me here John Baptist’s head in a charger.
Deuteronomy 32:50	And die in the mount where you go up, and be gathered to your people; as Aaron your brother died in mount Hor, and was gathered to his people:
Deuteronomy 9:15	So I turned and came down from the mount, and the mount burned with fire: and the two tables of the covenant were in my two hands.
Exodus 37:4	And he made staves of shittim wood, and overlaid them with gold.
Jeremiah 6:14	They have healed also the hurt of the daughter of my people slightly, saying, Peace, peace; when there is no peace.
Genesis 10:7	And the sons of Cush; Seba, and Havilah, and Sabtah, and Raamah, and Sabtechah: and the sons of Raamah; Sheba, and Dedan.
Acts 12:5	Peter therefore was kept in prison: but prayer was made without ceasing of the church to God for him.
Luke 10:34	And went to him, and bound up his wounds, pouring in oil and wine, and set him on his own beast, and brought him to an inn, and took care of him.
Isaiah 15:4	And Heshbon shall cry, and Elealeh: their voice shall be heard even to Jahaz: therefore the armed soldiers of Moab shall cry out; his life shall be grievous to him.
John 1:17	For the law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ.
Isaiah 23:6	Pass you over to Tarshish; howl, you inhabitants of the isle.
Luke 9:53	And they did not receive him, because his face was as though he would go to Jerusalem.
Acts 7:59	And they stoned Stephen, calling on God, and saying, Lord Jesus, receive my spirit.
Psalm 55:21	The words of his mouth were smoother than butter, but war was in his heart: his words were softer than oil, yet were they drawn swords.
Jeremiah 2:17	Have you not procured this to yourself, in that you have forsaken the LORD your God, when he led you by the way?
Psalm 144:11	Rid me, and deliver me from the hand of strange children, whose mouth speaks vanity, and their right hand is a right hand of falsehood:
1 Corinthians 15:19	If in this life only we have hope in Christ, we are of all men most miserable.
2 Corinthians 5:13	For whether we be beside ourselves, it is to God: or whether we be sober, it is for your cause.
Proverbs 29:27	An unjust man is an abomination to the just: and he that is upright in the way is abomination to the wicked.
Jeremiah 24:9	And I will deliver them to be removed into all the kingdoms of the earth for their hurt, to be a reproach and a proverb, a taunt and a curse, in all places where I shall drive them.
Joshua 10:29	Then Joshua passed from Makkedah, and all Israel with him, to Libnah, and fought against Libnah:
Matthew 9:35	And Jesus went about all the cities and villages, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the kingdom, and healing every sickness and every disease among the people.
Matthew 11:15	He that has ears to hear, let him hear.
Amos 6:3	You that put far away the evil day, and cause the seat of violence to come near;
Psalm 83:11	Make their nobles like Oreb, and like Zeeb: yes, all their princes as Zebah, and as Zalmunna:
1 Kings 21:21	Behold, I will bring evil on you, and will take away your posterity, and will cut off from Ahab him that urinates against the wall, and him that is shut up and left in Israel,
Proverbs 26:28	A lying tongue hates those that are afflicted by it; and a flattering mouth works ruin.
Ezekiel 7:19	They shall cast their silver in the streets, and their gold shall be removed: their silver and their gold shall not be able to deliver them in the day of the wrath of the LORD: they shall not satisfy their souls, neither fill their bowels: because it is the stumbling block of their iniquity.
2 Chronicles 33:11	Why the LORD brought on them the captains of the host of the king of Assyria, which took Manasseh among the thorns, and bound him with fetters, and carried him to Babylon.
1 John 3:15	Whoever hates his brother is a murderer: and you know that no murderer has eternal life abiding in him.
Revelation 1:11	Saying, I am Alpha and Omega, the first and the last: and, What you see, write in a book, and send it to the seven churches which are in Asia; to Ephesus, and to Smyrna, and to Pergamos, and to Thyatira, and to Sardis, and to Philadelphia, and to Laodicea.
Leviticus 4:30	And the priest shall take of the blood thereof with his finger, and put it on the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and shall pour out all the blood thereof at the bottom of the altar.
1 Samuel 1:14	And Eli said to her, How long will you be drunken? put away your wine from you.
2 Kings 9:24	And Jehu drew a bow with his full strength, and smote Jehoram between his arms, and the arrow went out at his heart, and he sunk down in his chariot.
Numbers 31:24	And you shall wash your clothes on the seventh day, and you shall be clean, and afterward you shall come into the camp.
1 Chronicles 18:3	And David smote Hadarezer king of Zobah to Hamath, as he went to establish his dominion by the river Euphrates.
2 Samuel 18:5	And the king commanded Joab and Abishai and Ittai, saying, Deal gently for my sake with the young man, even with Absalom. And all the people heard when the king gave all the captains charge concerning Absalom.
Romans 2:22	You that say a man should not commit adultery, do you commit adultery? you that abhor idols, do you commit sacrilege?
Genesis 25:32	And Esau said, Behold, I am at the point to die: and what profit shall this birthright do to me?
Jeremiah 31:33	But this shall be the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel; After those days, said the LORD, I will put my law in their inward parts, and write it in their hearts; and will be their God, and they shall be my people.
Hosea 9:6	For, see, they are gone because of destruction: Egypt shall gather them up, Memphis shall bury them: the pleasant places for their silver, nettles shall possess them: thorns shall be in their tabernacles.
Jeremiah 42:16	Then it shall come to pass, that the sword, which you feared, shall overtake you there in the land of Egypt, and the famine, whereof you were afraid, shall follow close after you there in Egypt; and there you shall die.
1 Peter 1:13	Why gird up the loins of your mind, be sober, and hope to the end for the grace that is to be brought to you at the revelation of Jesus Christ;
Isaiah 6:13	But yet in it shall be a tenth, and it shall return, and shall be eaten: as a teil tree, and as an oak, whose substance is in them, when they cast their leaves: so the holy seed shall be the substance thereof.
Numbers 10:3	And when they shall blow with them, all the assembly shall assemble themselves to you at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Jeremiah 51:1	Thus said the LORD; Behold, I will raise up against Babylon, and against them that dwell in the middle of them that rise up against me, a destroying wind;
2 Chronicles 32:20	And for this cause Hezekiah the king, and the prophet Isaiah the son of Amoz, prayed and cried to heaven.
2 Samuel 19:5	And Joab came into the house to the king, and said, You have shamed this day the faces of all your servants, which this day have saved your life, and the lives of your sons and of your daughters, and the lives of your wives, and the lives of your concubines;
Jeremiah 7:23	But this thing commanded I them, saying, Obey my voice, and I will be your God, and you shall be my people: and walk you in all the ways that I have commanded you, that it may be well to you.
John 8:1	Jesus went to the mount of Olives.
Genesis 16:11	And the angel of the LORD said to her, Behold, you are with child and shall bear a son, and shall call his name Ishmael; because the LORD has heard your affliction.
Proverbs 8:20	I lead in the way of righteousness, in the middle of the paths of judgment:
1 Samuel 13:17	And the spoilers came out of the camp of the Philistines in three companies: one company turned to the way that leads to Ophrah, to the land of Shual:
Judges 7:4	And the LORD said to Gideon, The people are yet too many; bring them down to the water, and I will try them for you there: and it shall be, that of whom I say to you, This shall go with you, the same shall go with you; and of whomsoever I say to you, This shall not go with you, the same shall not go.
Psalm 94:4	How long shall they utter and speak hard things? and all the workers of iniquity boast themselves?
Luke 6:31	And as you would that men should do to you, do you also to them likewise.
Song of Solomon 2:16	My beloved is mine, and I am his: he feeds among the lilies.
Numbers 1:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, in the tabernacle of the congregation, on the first day of the second month, in the second year after they were come out of the land of Egypt, saying,
2 Samuel 16:3	And the king said, And where is your master’s son? And Ziba said to the king, Behold, he stays at Jerusalem: for he said, To day shall the house of Israel restore me the kingdom of my father.
Numbers 31:41	And Moses gave the tribute, which was the LORD’s heave offering, to Eleazar the priest, as the LORD commanded Moses.
Lamentations 3:54	Waters flowed over my head; then I said, I am cut off.
Psalm 84:1	How amiable are your tabernacles, O LORD of hosts!
1 Chronicles 5:2	For Judah prevailed above his brothers, and of him came the chief ruler; but the birthright was Joseph’s:)
Psalm 34:10	The young lions do lack, and suffer hunger: but they that seek the LORD shall not want any good thing.
Ephesians 4:17	This I say therefore, and testify in the Lord, that you from now on walk not as other Gentiles walk, in the vanity of their mind,
2 Kings 15:19	And Pul the king of Assyria came against the land: and Menahem gave Pul a thousand talents of silver, that his hand might be with him to confirm the kingdom in his hand.
Luke 6:4	How he went into the house of God, and did take and eat the show bread, and gave also to them that were with him; which it is not lawful to eat but for the priests alone?
Ecclesiastes 4:1	So I returned, and considered all the oppressions that are done under the sun: and behold the tears of such as were oppressed, and they had no comforter; and on the side of their oppressors there was power; but they had no comforter.
Hebrews 9:11	But Christ being come an high priest of good things to come, by a greater and more perfect tabernacle, not made with hands, that is to say, not of this building;
Acts 17:15	And they that conducted Paul brought him to Athens: and receiving a commandment to Silas and Timotheus for to come to him with all speed, they departed.
Numbers 31:12	And they brought the captives, and the prey, and the spoil, to Moses, and Eleazar the priest, and to the congregation of the children of Israel, to the camp at the plains of Moab, which are by Jordan near Jericho.
Revelation 8:13	And I beheld, and heard an angel flying through the middle of heaven, saying with a loud voice, Woe, woe, woe, to the inhabitants of the earth by reason of the other voices of the trumpet of the three angels, which are yet to sound!
Job 21:6	Even when I remember I am afraid, and trembling takes hold on my flesh.
Hebrews 10:18	Now where remission of these is, there is no more offering for sin.
Ezra 6:1	Then Darius the king made a decree, and search was made in the house of the rolls, where the treasures were laid up in Babylon.
2 Chronicles 6:2	But I have built an house of habitation for you, and a place for your dwelling for ever.
Ezekiel 18:5	But if a man be just, and do that which is lawful and right,
Exodus 15:14	The people shall hear, and be afraid: sorrow shall take hold on the inhabitants of Palestina.
Deuteronomy 31:20	For when I shall have brought them into the land which I swore to their fathers, that flows with milk and honey; and they shall have eaten and filled themselves, and waxen fat; then will they turn to other gods, and serve them, and provoke me, and break my covenant.
Hebrews 12:28	Why we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved, let us have grace, whereby we may serve God acceptably with reverence and godly fear:
James 3:4	Behold also the ships, which though they be so great, and are driven of fierce winds, yet are they turned about with a very small helm, wherever the governor wants.
Ecclesiastes 3:22	Why I perceive that there is nothing better, than that a man should rejoice in his own works; for that is his portion: for who shall bring him to see what shall be after him?
Isaiah 62:1	For Zion’s sake will I not hold my peace, and for Jerusalem’s sake I will not rest, until the righteousness thereof go forth as brightness, and the salvation thereof as a lamp that burns.
Deuteronomy 24:20	When you beat your olive tree, you shall not go over the boughs again: it shall be for the stranger, for the fatherless, and for the widow.
Isaiah 60:16	You shall also suck the milk of the Gentiles, and shall suck the breast of kings: and you shall know that I the LORD am your Savior and your Redeemer, the mighty One of Jacob.
Ezra 10:5	Then arose Ezra, and made the chief priests, the Levites, and all Israel, to swear that they should do according to this word. And they swore.
Psalm 78:27	He rained flesh also on them as dust, and feathered fowls like as the sand of the sea:
1 Chronicles 15:9	Of the sons of Hebron; Eliel the chief, and his brothers fourscore:
Genesis 31:32	With whomsoever you find your gods, let him not live: before our brothers discern you what is your with me, and take it to you. For Jacob knew not that Rachel had stolen them.
Deuteronomy 20:12	And if it will make no peace with you, but will make war against you, then you shall besiege it:
1 Samuel 25:34	For in very deed, as the LORD God of Israel lives, which has kept me back from hurting you, except you had hurried and come to meet me, surely there had not been left to Nabal by the morning light any that urinates against the wall.
Song of Solomon 6:6	Your teeth are as a flock of sheep which go up from the washing, whereof every one bears twins, and there is not one barren among them.
2 Kings 14:28	Now the rest of the acts of Jeroboam, and all that he did, and his might, how he warred, and how he recovered Damascus, and Hamath, which belonged to Judah, for Israel, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
Acts 4:35	And laid them down at the apostles’ feet: and distribution was made to every man according as he had need.
Ezekiel 17:5	He took also of the seed of the land, and planted it in a fruitful field; he placed it by great waters, and set it as a willow tree.
Ezekiel 48:8	And by the border of Judah, from the east side to the west side, shall be the offering which you shall offer of five and twenty thousand reeds in breadth, and in length as one of the other parts, from the east side to the west side: and the sanctuary shall be in the middle of it.
1 Samuel 25:36	And Abigail came to Nabal; and, behold, he held a feast in his house, like the feast of a king; and Nabal’s heart was merry within him, for he was very drunken: why she told him nothing, less or more, until the morning light.
Isaiah 13:15	Every one that is found shall be thrust through; and every one that is joined to them shall fall by the sword.
Job 11:4	For you have said, My doctrine is pure, and I am clean in your eyes.
1 Chronicles 2:39	And Azariah begat Helez, and Helez begat Eleasah,
2 Chronicles 30:16	And they stood in their place after their manner, according to the law of Moses the man of God: the priests sprinkled the blood, which they received of the hand of the Levites.
Mark 8:37	Or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?
Proverbs 23:12	Apply your heart to instruction, and your ears to the words of knowledge.
Ecclesiastes 2:10	And whatever my eyes desired I kept not from them, I withheld not my heart from any joy; for my heart rejoiced in all my labor: and this was my portion of all my labor.
Genesis 1:23	And the evening and the morning were the fifth day.
Isaiah 66:23	And it shall come to pass, that from one new moon to another, and from one sabbath to another, shall all flesh come to worship before me, said the LORD.
Deuteronomy 19:7	Why I command you, saying, You shall separate three cities for you.
Psalm 119:84	How many are the days of your servant? when will you execute judgment on them that persecute me?
1 Kings 8:13	I have surely built you an house to dwell in, a settled place for you to abide in for ever.
1 Kings 2:14	He said moreover, I have somewhat to say to you. And she said, Say on.
Mark 14:47	And one of them that stood by drew a sword, and smote a servant of the high priest, and cut off his ear.
Job 9:35	Then would I speak, and not fear him; but it is not so with me.
Deuteronomy 15:14	You shall furnish him liberally out of your flock, and out of your floor, and out of your wine press: of that with which the LORD your God has blessed you you shall give to him.
1 Samuel 23:27	But there came a messenger to Saul, saying, Haste you, and come; for the Philistines have invaded the land.
Acts 15:9	And put no difference between us and them, purifying their hearts by faith.
Jeremiah 42:8	Then called he Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces which were with him, and all the people from the least even to the greatest,
Jeremiah 29:16	Know that thus said the LORD of the king that sits on the throne of David, and of all the people that dwells in this city, and of your brothers that are not gone forth with you into captivity;
Isaiah 11:7	And the cow and the bear shall feed; their young ones shall lie down together: and the lion shall eat straw like the ox.
1 John 2:21	I have not written to you because you know not the truth, but because you know it, and that no lie is of the truth.
Psalm 65:5	By terrible things in righteousness will you answer us, O God of our salvation; who are the confidence of all the ends of the earth, and of them that are afar off on the sea:
Colossians 2:5	For though I be absent in the flesh, yet am I with you in the spirit, rejoicing and beholding your order, and the steadfastness of your faith in Christ.
Deuteronomy 14:4	These are the beasts which you shall eat: the ox, the sheep, and the goat,
Zechariah 6:1	And I turned, and lifted up my eyes, and looked, and, behold, there came four chariots out from between two mountains; and the mountains were mountains of brass.
Numbers 35:13	And of these cities which you shall give six cities shall you have for refuge.
Mark 12:6	Having yet therefore one son, his well beloved, he sent him also last to them, saying, They will reverence my son.
Ezekiel 45:24	And he shall prepare a meat offering of an ephah for a bullock, and an ephah for a ram, and an hin of oil for an ephah.
Psalm 78:41	Yes, they turned back and tempted God, and limited the Holy One of Israel.
Judges 4:7	And I will draw to you to the river Kishon Sisera, the captain of Jabin’s army, with his chariots and his multitude; and I will deliver him into your hand.
Numbers 23:17	And when he came to him, behold, he stood by his burnt offering, and the princes of Moab with him. And Balak said to him, What has the LORD spoken?
Numbers 12:14	And the LORD said to Moses, If her father had but spit in her face, should she not be ashamed seven days? let her be shut out from the camp seven days, and after that let her be received in again.
Genesis 11:15	And Salah lived after he begat Eber four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters.
Psalm 77:9	Has God forgotten to be gracious? has he in anger shut up his tender mercies? Selah.
Leviticus 22:30	On the same day it shall be eaten up; you shall leave none of it until the morrow: I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 29:3	Speak, and say, Thus said the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against you, Pharaoh king of Egypt, the great dragon that lies in the middle of his rivers, which has said, My river is my own, and I have made it for myself.
Deuteronomy 18:13	You shall be perfect with the LORD your God.
1 Timothy 1:16	However, for this cause I obtained mercy, that in me first Jesus Christ might show forth all long-suffering, for a pattern to them which should hereafter believe on him to life everlasting.
Genesis 39:1	And Joseph was brought down to Egypt; and Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh, captain of the guard, an Egyptian, bought him of the hands of the Ishmeelites, which had brought him down thither.
2 Kings 2:2	And Elijah said to Elisha, Tarry here, I pray you; for the LORD has sent me to Bethel. And Elisha said to him, As the LORD lives, and as your soul lives, I will not leave you. So they went down to Bethel.
Matthew 5:32	But I say to you, That whoever shall put away his wife, saving for the cause of fornication, causes her to commit adultery: and whoever shall marry her that is divorced commits adultery.
Joshua 10:5	Therefore the five kings of the Amorites, the king of Jerusalem, the king of Hebron, the king of Jarmuth, the king of Lachish, the king of Eglon, gathered themselves together, and went up, they and all their hosts, and encamped before Gibeon, and made war against it.
Matthew 17:10	And his disciples asked him, saying, Why then say the scribes that Elias must first come?
Judges 3:18	And when he had made an end to offer the present, he sent away the people that bore the present.
Luke 20:6	But and if we say, Of men; all the people will stone us: for they be persuaded that John was a prophet.
Ezekiel 16:39	And I will also give you into their hand, and they shall throw down your eminent place, and shall break down your high places: they shall strip you also of your clothes, and shall take your fair jewels, and leave you naked and bore.
Exodus 40:6	And you shall set the altar of the burnt offering before the door of the tabernacle of the tent of the congregation.
Numbers 27:17	Which may go out before them, and which may go in before them, and which may lead them out, and which may bring them in; that the congregation of the LORD be not as sheep which have no shepherd.
1 Samuel 20:17	And Jonathan caused David to swear again, because he loved him: for he loved him as he loved his own soul.
Luke 10:21	In that hour Jesus rejoiced in spirit, and said, I thank you, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, that you have hid these things from the wise and prudent, and have revealed them to babes: even so, Father; for so it seemed good in your sight.
Genesis 23:14	And Ephron answered Abraham, saying to him,
Psalm 119:18	Open you my eyes, that I may behold wondrous things out of your law.
Genesis 12:16	And he entreated Abram well for her sake: and he had sheep, and oxen, and he asses, and menservants, and maidservants, and she asses, and camels.
Joshua 22:30	And when Phinehas the priest, and the princes of the congregation and heads of the thousands of Israel which were with him, heard the words that the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the children of Manasseh spoke, it pleased them.
Job 32:11	Behold, I waited for your words; I gave ear to your reasons, whilst you searched out what to say.
Deuteronomy 10:7	From there they journeyed to Gudgodah; and from Gudgodah to Jotbath, a land of rivers of waters.
1 Chronicles 25:2	Of the sons of Asaph; Zaccur, and Joseph, and Nethaniah, and Asarelah, the sons of Asaph under the hands of Asaph, which prophesied according to the order of the king.
Matthew 27:59	And when Joseph had taken the body, he wrapped it in a clean linen cloth,
Jeremiah 29:23	Because they have committed villainy in Israel, and have committed adultery with their neighbors’ wives, and have spoken lying words in my name, which I have not commanded them; even I know, and am a witness, said the LORD.
2 Chronicles 10:19	And Israel rebelled against the house of David to this day.
1 Samuel 1:18	And she said, Let your handmaid find grace in your sight. So the woman went her way, and did eat, and her countenance was no more sad.
Proverbs 28:12	When righteous men do rejoice, there is great glory: but when the wicked rise, a man is hidden.
1 Kings 5:7	And it came to pass, when Hiram heard the words of Solomon, that he rejoiced greatly, and said, Blessed be the LORD this day, which has given to David a wise son over this great people.
Zephaniah 1:2	I will utterly consume all things from off the land, said the LORD.
Psalm 29:5	The voice of the LORD breaks the cedars; yes, the LORD breaks the cedars of Lebanon.
Exodus 15:9	The enemy said, I will pursue, I will overtake, I will divide the spoil; my lust shall be satisfied on them; I will draw my sword, my hand shall destroy them.
Exodus 14:9	But the Egyptians pursued after them, all the horses and chariots of Pharaoh, and his horsemen, and his army, and overtook them encamping by the sea, beside Pihahiroth, before Baalzephon.
Ezra 10:23	Also of the Levites; Jozabad, and Shimei, and Kelaiah, (the same is Kelita,) Pethahiah, Judah, and Eliezer.
Isaiah 51:21	Therefore hear now this, you afflicted, and drunken, but not with wine:
Isaiah 28:28	Bread corn is bruised; because he will not ever be threshing it, nor break it with the wheel of his cart, nor bruise it with his horsemen.
Luke 13:19	It is like a grain of mustard seed, which a man took, and cast into his garden; and it grew, and waxed a great tree; and the fowls of the air lodged in the branches of it.
Judges 6:1	And the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the LORD: and the LORD delivered them into the hand of Midian seven years.
1 Thessalonians 2:9	For you remember, brothers, our labor and travail: for laboring night and day, because we would not be chargeable to any of you, we preached to you the gospel of God.
Ezekiel 24:11	Then set it empty on the coals thereof, that the brass of it may be hot, and may burn, and that the filthiness of it may be molten in it, that the scum of it may be consumed.
1 Corinthians 8:3	But if any man love God, the same is known of him.
Genesis 49:22	Joseph is a fruitful bough, even a fruitful bough by a well; whose branches run over the wall:
Leviticus 9:17	And he brought the meat offering, and took an handful thereof, and burnt it on the altar, beside the burnt sacrifice of the morning.
Joshua 7:22	So Joshua sent messengers, and they ran to the tent; and, behold, it was hid in his tent, and the silver under it.
John 9:37	And Jesus said to him, You have both seen him, and it is he that talks with you.
Psalm 23:3	He restores my soul: he leads me in the paths of righteousness for his name’s sake.
John 9:19	And they asked them, saying, Is this your son, who you say was born blind? how then does he now see?
1 Kings 10:9	Blessed be the LORD your God, which delighted in you, to set you on the throne of Israel: because the LORD loved Israel for ever, therefore made he you king, to do judgment and justice.
Revelation 2:8	And to the angel of the church in Smyrna write; These things said the first and the last, which was dead, and is alive;
Genesis 48:22	Moreover I have given to you one portion above your brothers, which I took out of the hand of the Amorite with my sword and with my bow.
1 Chronicles 1:24	Shem, Arphaxad, Shelah,
Numbers 1:41	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Asher, were forty and one thousand and five hundred.
Genesis 37:31	And they took Joseph’s coat, and killed a kid of the goats, and dipped the coat in the blood;
Revelation 5:6	And I beheld, and, see, in the middle of the throne and of the four beasts, and in the middle of the elders, stood a Lamb as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven Spirits of God sent forth into all the earth.
Matthew 21:27	And they answered Jesus, and said, We cannot tell. And he said to them, Neither tell I you by what authority I do these things.
Psalm 68:22	The Lord said, I will bring again from Bashan, I will bring my people again from the depths of the sea:
Ezra 9:11	Which you have commanded by your servants the prophets, saying, The land, to which you go to possess it, is an unclean land with the filthiness of the people of the lands, with their abominations, which have filled it from one end to another with their uncleanness.
Colossians 3:2	Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth.
Psalm 119:158	I beheld the transgressors, and was grieved; because they kept not your word.
Isaiah 48:18	O that you had listened to my commandments! then had your peace been as a river, and your righteousness as the waves of the sea:
Hebrews 3:18	And to whom swore he that they should not enter into his rest, but to them that believed not?
Habakkuk 3:4	And his brightness was as the light; he had horns coming out of his hand: and there was the hiding of his power.
Matthew 5:24	Leave there your gift before the altar, and go your way; first be reconciled to your brother, and then come and offer your gift.
Exodus 8:31	And the LORD did according to the word of Moses; and he removed the swarms of flies from Pharaoh, from his servants, and from his people; there remained not one.
Matthew 19:16	And, behold, one came and said to him, Good Master, what good thing shall I do, that I may have eternal life?
Ezekiel 22:31	Therefore have I poured out my indignation on them; I have consumed them with the fire of my wrath: their own way have I recompensed on their heads, said the Lord GOD.
1 Chronicles 1:13	And Canaan begat Zidon his firstborn, and Heth,
Ezekiel 13:4	O Israel, your prophets are like the foxes in the deserts.
Matthew 18:31	So when his fellow servants saw what was done, they were very sorry, and came and told to their lord all that was done.
Ezra 10:12	Then all the congregation answered and said with a loud voice, As you have said, so must we do.
John 8:34	Jesus answered them, Truly, truly, I say to you, Whoever commits sin is the servant of sin.
Job 1:10	Have not you made an hedge about him, and about his house, and about all that he has on every side? you have blessed the work of his hands, and his substance is increased in the land.
Matthew 7:16	You shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?
1 Samuel 14:13	And Jonathan climbed up on his hands and on his feet, and his armor bearer after him: and they fell before Jonathan; and his armor bearer slew after him.
Isaiah 39:6	Behold, the days come, that all that is in your house, and that which your fathers have laid up in store until this day, shall be carried to Babylon: nothing shall be left, said the LORD.
Mark 9:15	And straightway all the people, when they beheld him, were greatly amazed, and running to him saluted him.
Exodus 14:17	And I, behold, I will harden the hearts of the Egyptians, and they shall follow them: and I will get me honor on Pharaoh, and on all his host, on his chariots, and on his horsemen.
Luke 3:14	And the soldiers likewise demanded of him, saying, And what shall we do? And he said to them, Do violence to no man, neither accuse any falsely; and be content with your wages.
Daniel 11:9	So the king of the south shall come into his kingdom, and shall return into his own land.
Luke 19:33	And as they were loosing the colt, the owners thereof said to them, Why loose you the colt?
Acts 26:23	That Christ should suffer, and that he should be the first that should rise from the dead, and should show light to the people, and to the Gentiles.
2 Kings 10:30	And the LORD said to Jehu, Because you have done well in executing that which is right in my eyes, and have done to the house of Ahab according to all that was in my heart, your children of the fourth generation shall sit on the throne of Israel.
Luke 12:37	Blessed are those servants, whom the lord when he comes shall find watching: truly I say to you, that he shall gird himself, and make them to sit down to meat, and will come forth and serve them.
Psalm 66:13	I will go into your house with burnt offerings: I will pay you my vows,
Genesis 4:2	And she again bore his brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground.
Leviticus 11:15	Every raven after his kind;
Acts 21:21	And they are informed of you, that you teach all the Jews which are among the Gentiles to forsake Moses, saying that they ought not to circumcise their children, neither to walk after the customs.
Numbers 28:12	And three tenth deals of flour for a meat offering, mingled with oil, for one bullock; and two tenth deals of flour for a meat offering, mingled with oil, for one ram;
2 Corinthians 8:19	And not that only, but who was also chosen of the churches to travel with us with this grace, which is administered by us to the glory of the same Lord, and declaration of your ready mind:
Jeremiah 35:7	Neither shall you build house, nor sow seed, nor plant vineyard, nor have any: but all your days you shall dwell in tents; that you may live many days in the land where you be strangers.
2 Kings 17:34	To this day they do after the former manners: they fear not the LORD, neither do they after their statutes, or after their ordinances, or after the law and commandment which the LORD commanded the children of Jacob, whom he named Israel;
Joshua 9:19	But all the princes said to all the congregation, We have sworn to them by the LORD God of Israel: now therefore we may not touch them.
Zechariah 12:9	And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will seek to destroy all the nations that come against Jerusalem.
Ezra 9:6	And said, O my God, I am ashamed and blush to lift up my face to you, my God: for our iniquities are increased over our head, and our trespass is grown up to the heavens.
Leviticus 21:11	Neither shall he go in to any dead body, nor defile himself for his father, or for his mother;
Luke 1:17	And he shall go before him in the spirit and power of Elias, to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the disobedient to the wisdom of the just; to make ready a people prepared for the Lord.
Acts 19:9	But when divers were hardened, and believed not, but spoke evil of that way before the multitude, he departed from them, and separated the disciples, disputing daily in the school of one Tyrannus.
Psalm 9:2	I will be glad and rejoice in you: I will sing praise to your name, O you most High.
Psalm 89:42	You have set up the right hand of his adversaries; you have made all his enemies to rejoice.
Ecclesiastes 7:5	It is better to hear the rebuke of the wise, than for a man to hear the song of fools.
1 Samuel 22:12	And Saul said, Hear now, you son of Ahitub. And he answered, Here I am, my lord.
Ezra 3:12	But many of the priests and Levites and chief of the fathers, who were ancient men, that had seen the first house, when the foundation of this house was laid before their eyes, wept with a loud voice; and many shouted aloud for joy:
Psalm 47:7	For God is the King of all the earth: sing you praises with understanding.
Proverbs 17:3	The fining pot is for silver, and the furnace for gold: but the LORD tries the hearts.
Leviticus 25:32	Notwithstanding the cities of the Levites, and the houses of the cities of their possession, may the Levites redeem at any time.
Exodus 1:21	And it came to pass, because the midwives feared God, that he made them houses.
Nehemiah 6:10	Afterward I came to the house of Shemaiah the son of Delaiah the son of Mehetabeel, who was shut up; and he said, Let us meet together in the house of God, within the temple, and let us shut the doors of the temple: for they will come to slay you; yes, in the night will they come to slay you.
Galatians 5:6	For in Jesus Christ neither circumcision avails any thing, nor uncircumcision; but faith which works by love.
Galatians 3:7	Know you therefore that they which are of faith, the same are the children of Abraham.
Judges 5:13	Then he made him that remains have dominion over the nobles among the people: the LORD made me have dominion over the mighty.
Job 14:12	So man lies down, and rises not: till the heavens be no more, they shall not awake, nor be raised out of their sleep.
Numbers 3:46	And for those that are to be redeemed of the two hundred and three score and thirteen of the firstborn of the children of Israel, which are more than the Levites;
Leviticus 10:10	And that you may put difference between holy and unholy, and between unclean and clean;
Psalm 139:24	And see if there be any wicked way in me, and lead me in the way everlasting.
2 Kings 12:18	And Jehoash king of Judah took all the hallowed things that Jehoshaphat, and Jehoram, and Ahaziah, his fathers, kings of Judah, had dedicated, and his own hallowed things, and all the gold that was found in the treasures of the house of the LORD, and in the king’s house, and sent it to Hazael king of Syria: and he went away from Jerusalem.
Matthew 13:57	And they were offended in him. But Jesus said to them, A prophet is not without honor, save in his own country, and in his own house.
Deuteronomy 23:21	When you shall vow a vow to the LORD your God, you shall not slack to pay it: for the LORD your God will surely require it of you; and it would be sin in you.
Matthew 23:13	But woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for you shut up the kingdom of heaven against men: for you neither go in yourselves, neither suffer you them that are entering to go in.
Esther 8:5	And said, If it please the king, and if I have favor in his sight, and the thing seem right before the king, and I be pleasing in his eyes, let it be written to reverse the letters devised by Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, which he wrote to destroy the Jews which are in all the king’s provinces:
1 Kings 13:12	And their father said to them, What way went he? For his sons had seen what way the man of God went, which came from Judah.
1 Samuel 23:8	And Saul called all the people together to war, to go down to Keilah, to besiege David and his men.
Ezekiel 8:4	And, behold, the glory of the God of Israel was there, according to the vision that I saw in the plain.
Acts 7:20	In which time Moses was born, and was exceeding fair, and nourished up in his father’s house three months:
Leviticus 20:6	And the soul that turns after such as have familiar spirits, and after wizards, to go a whoring after them, I will even set my face against that soul, and will cut him off from among his people.
John 13:37	Peter said to him, Lord, why cannot I follow you now? I will lay down my life for your sake.
Ecclesiastes 1:14	I have seen all the works that are done under the sun; and, behold, all is vanity and vexation of spirit.
2 Chronicles 6:32	Moreover concerning the stranger, which is not of your people Israel, but is come from a far country for your great name’s sake, and your mighty hand, and your stretched out arm; if they come and pray in this house;
1 Samuel 4:7	And the Philistines were afraid, for they said, God is come into the camp. And they said, Woe to us! for there has not been such a thing heretofore.
Proverbs 23:13	Withhold not correction from the child: for if you beat him with the rod, he shall not die.
Job 9:1	Then Job answered and said,
Leviticus 9:11	And the flesh and the hide he burnt with fire without the camp.
2 Thessalonians 2:13	But we are bound to give thanks always to God for you, brothers beloved of the Lord, because God has from the beginning chosen you to salvation through sanctification of the Spirit and belief of the truth:
Philemon 1:1	Paul, a prisoner of Jesus Christ, and Timothy our brother, to Philemon our dearly beloved, and fellow laborer,
1 Samuel 9:18	Then Saul drew near to Samuel in the gate, and said, Tell me, I pray you, where the seer’s house is.
Psalm 119:107	I am afflicted very much: quicken me, O LORD, according to your word.
Genesis 27:25	And he said, Bring it near to me, and I will eat of my son’s venison, that my soul may bless you. And he brought it near to him, and he did eat: and he brought him wine and he drank.
Hebrews 10:12	But this man, after he had offered one sacrifice for sins for ever, sat down on the right hand of God;
1 Kings 20:20	And they slew every one his man: and the Syrians fled; and Israel pursued them: and Benhadad the king of Syria escaped on an horse with the horsemen.
Lamentations 4:11	The LORD has accomplished his fury; he has poured out his fierce anger, and has kindled a fire in Zion, and it has devoured the foundations thereof.
Deuteronomy 33:23	And of Naphtali he said, O Naphtali, satisfied with favor, and full with the blessing of the LORD: possess you the west and the south.
Psalm 55:15	Let death seize on them, and let them go down quick into hell: for wickedness is in their dwellings, and among them.
Genesis 24:33	And there was set meat before him to eat: but he said, I will not eat, until I have told my errand. And he said, Speak on.
Ezekiel 12:24	For there shall be no more any vain vision nor flattering divination within the house of Israel.
1 Chronicles 2:33	And the sons of Jonathan; Peleth, and Zaza. These were the sons of Jerahmeel.
Job 7:15	So that my soul chooses strangling, and death rather than my life.
Ezra 2:70	So the priests, and the Levites, and some of the people, and the singers, and the porters, and the Nethinims, dwelled in their cities, and all Israel in their cities.
Luke 11:13	If you then, being evil, know how to give good gifts to your children: how much more shall your heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask him?
2 Samuel 5:12	And David perceived that the LORD had established him king over Israel, and that he had exalted his kingdom for his people Israel’s sake.
Psalm 107:40	He pours contempt on princes, and causes them to wander in the wilderness, where there is no way.
Ezekiel 27:20	Dedan was your merchant in precious clothes for chariots.
Luke 9:1	Then he called his twelve disciples together, and gave them power and authority over all devils, and to cure diseases.
Jeremiah 11:14	Therefore pray not you for this people, neither lift up a cry or prayer for them: for I will not hear them in the time that they cry to me for their trouble.
Job 3:18	There the prisoners rest together; they hear not the voice of the oppressor.
Mark 12:35	And Jesus answered and said, while he taught in the temple, How say the scribes that Christ is the son of David?
Deuteronomy 8:12	Lest when you have eaten and are full, and have built goodly houses, and dwelled therein;
Deuteronomy 28:40	You shall have olive trees throughout all your coasts, but you shall not anoint yourself with the oil; for your olive shall cast his fruit.
Mark 9:47	And if your eye offend you, pluck it out: it is better for you to enter into the kingdom of God with one eye, than having two eyes to be cast into hell fire:
Jeremiah 31:20	Is Ephraim my dear son? is he a pleasant child? for since I spoke against him, I do earnestly remember him still: therefore my bowels are troubled for him; I will surely have mercy on him, said the LORD.
Psalm 50:15	And call on me in the day of trouble: I will deliver you, and you shall glorify me.
2 Samuel 19:42	And all the men of Judah answered the men of Israel, Because the king is near of kin to us: why then be you angry for this matter? have we eaten at all of the king’s cost? or has he given us any gift?
Colossians 4:9	With Onesimus, a faithful and beloved brother, who is one of you. They shall make known to you all things which are done here.
Revelation 8:6	And the seven angels which had the seven trumpets prepared themselves to sound.
Matthew 23:7	And greetings in the markets, and to be called of men, Rabbi, Rabbi.
Ezekiel 22:27	Her princes in the middle thereof are like wolves ravening the prey, to shed blood, and to destroy souls, to get dishonest gain.
2 Peter 2:1	But there were false prophets also among the people, even as there shall be false teachers among you, who privately shall bring in damnable heresies, even denying the Lord that bought them, and bring on themselves swift destruction.
Psalm 115:14	The LORD shall increase you more and more, you and your children.
Exodus 40:30	And he set the laver between the tent of the congregation and the altar, and put water there, to wash with.
Hosea 5:11	Ephraim is oppressed and broken in judgment, because he willingly walked after the commandment.
Revelation 9:20	And the rest of the men which were not killed by these plagues yet repented not of the works of their hands, that they should not worship devils, and idols of gold, and silver, and brass, and stone, and of wood: which neither can see, nor hear, nor walk:
Acts 27:44	And the rest, some on boards, and some on broken pieces of the ship. And so it came to pass, that they escaped all safe to land.
Isaiah 10:19	And the rest of the trees of his forest shall be few, that a child may write them.
Acts 10:15	And the voice spoke to him again the second time, What God has cleansed, that call not you common.
Daniel 8:14	And he said to me, To two thousand and three hundred days; then shall the sanctuary be cleansed.
John 12:5	Why was not this ointment sold for three hundred pence, and given to the poor?
2 Chronicles 33:21	Amon was two and twenty years old when he began to reign, and reigned two years in Jerusalem.
Matthew 2:13	And when they were departed, behold, the angel of the Lord appears to Joseph in a dream, saying, Arise, and take the young child and his mother, and flee into Egypt, and be you there until I bring you word: for Herod will seek the young child to destroy him.
Acts 26:5	Which knew me from the beginning, if they would testify, that after the most strait sect of our religion I lived a Pharisee.
Numbers 3:7	And they shall keep his charge, and the charge of the whole congregation before the tabernacle of the congregation, to do the service of the tabernacle.
Ezekiel 6:11	Thus said the Lord GOD; Smite with your hand, and stamp with your foot, and say, Alas for all the evil abominations of the house of Israel! for they shall fall by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence.
1 Samuel 30:19	And there was nothing lacking to them, neither small nor great, neither sons nor daughters, neither spoil, nor any thing that they had taken to them: David recovered all.
Psalm 63:3	Because your loving kindness is better than life, my lips shall praise you.
1 Kings 11:21	And when Hadad heard in Egypt that David slept with his fathers, and that Joab the captain of the host was dead, Hadad said to Pharaoh, Let me depart, that I may go to my own country.
Genesis 24:32	And the man came into the house: and he ungirded his camels, and gave straw and provender for the camels, and water to wash his feet, and the men’s feet that were with him.
Exodus 25:16	And you shall put into the ark the testimony which I shall give you.
Psalm 106:1	Praise you the LORD. O give thanks to the LORD; for he is good: for his mercy endures for ever.
Ezra 9:13	And after all that is come on us for our evil deeds, and for our great trespass, seeing that you our God have punished us less than our iniquities deserve, and have given us such deliverance as this;
Psalm 44:22	Yes, for your sake are we killed all the day long; we are counted as sheep for the slaughter.
Isaiah 16:5	And in mercy shall the throne be established: and he shall sit on it in truth in the tabernacle of David, judging, and seeking judgment, and hastening righteousness.
Luke 2:25	And, behold, there was a man in Jerusalem, whose name was Simeon; and the same man was just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel: and the Holy Ghost was on him.
2 Corinthians 4:9	Persecuted, but not forsaken; cast down, but not destroyed;
2 Corinthians 10:13	But we will not boast of things without our measure, but according to the measure of the rule which God has distributed to us, a measure to reach even to you.
2 Chronicles 20:33	However, the high places were not taken away: for as yet the people had not prepared their hearts to the God of their fathers.
Psalm 22:28	For the kingdom is the LORD’s: and he is the governor among the nations.
2 Corinthians 10:11	Let such an one think this, that, such as we are in word by letters when we are absent, such will we be also in deed when we are present.
Galatians 1:23	But they had heard only, That he which persecuted us in times past now preaches the faith which once he destroyed.
2 Samuel 2:30	And Joab returned from following Abner: and when he had gathered all the people together, there lacked of David’s servants nineteen men and Asahel.
Matthew 12:46	While he yet talked to the people, behold, his mother and his brothers stood without, desiring to speak with him.
Numbers 6:7	He shall not make himself unclean for his father, or for his mother, for his brother, or for his sister, when they die: because the consecration of his God is on his head.
Exodus 7:19	And the LORD spoke to Moses, Say to Aaron, Take your rod, and stretch out your hand on the waters of Egypt, on their streams, on their rivers, and on their ponds, and on all their pools of water, that they may become blood; and that there may be blood throughout all the land of Egypt, both in vessels of wood, and in vessels of stone.
Exodus 38:20	And all the pins of the tabernacle, and of the court round about, were of brass.
Acts 10:2	A devout man, and one that feared God with all his house, which gave much alms to the people, and prayed to God always.
Matthew 21:46	But when they sought to lay hands on him, they feared the multitude, because they took him for a prophet.
Genesis 19:29	And it came to pass, when God destroyed the cities of the plain, that God remembered Abraham, and sent Lot out of the middle of the overthrow, when he overthrew the cities in the which Lot dwelled.
Acts 26:22	Having therefore obtained help of God, I continue to this day, witnessing both to small and great, saying none other things than those which the prophets and Moses did say should come:
Song of Solomon 5:14	His hands are as gold rings set with the beryl: his belly is as bright ivory overlaid with sapphires.
James 2:9	But if you have respect to persons, you commit sin, and are convinced of the law as transgressors.
John 3:35	The Father loves the Son, and has given all things into his hand.
Nehemiah 9:28	But after they had rest, they did evil again before you: therefore left you them in the land of their enemies, so that they had the dominion over them: yet when they returned, and cried to you, you heard them from heaven; and many times did you deliver them according to your mercies;
Exodus 7:24	And all the Egyptians dig round about the river for water to drink; for they could not drink of the water of the river.
Ruth 2:11	And Boaz answered and said to her, It has fully been showed me, all that you have done to your mother in law since the death of your husband: and how you have left your father and your mother, and the land of your nativity, and are come to a people which you knew not heretofore.
Daniel 1:7	To whom the prince of the eunuchs gave names: for he gave to Daniel the name of Belteshazzar; and to Hananiah, of Shadrach; and to Mishael, of Meshach; and to Azariah, of Abednego.
Job 15:23	He wanders abroad for bread, saying, Where is it? he knows that the day of darkness is ready at his hand.
2 Chronicles 35:26	Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and his goodness, according to that which was written in the law of the LORD,
Exodus 23:5	If you see the ass of him that hates you lying under his burden, and would forbear to help him, you shall surely help with him.
Psalm 62:2	He only is my rock and my salvation; he is my defense; I shall not be greatly moved.
2 Samuel 12:31	And he brought forth the people that were therein, and put them under saws, and under harrows of iron, and under axes of iron, and made them pass through the brick-kiln: and thus did he to all the cities of the children of Ammon. So David and all the people returned to Jerusalem.
Genesis 30:14	And Reuben went in the days of wheat harvest, and found mandrakes in the field, and brought them to his mother Leah. Then Rachel said to Leah, Give me, I pray you, of your son’s mandrakes.
Mark 14:52	And he left the linen cloth, and fled from them naked.
Luke 11:41	But rather give alms of such things as you have; and, behold, all things are clean to you.
Exodus 31:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
1 Corinthians 11:15	But if a woman have long hair, it is a glory to her: for her hair is given her for a covering.
2 Kings 22:3	And it came to pass in the eighteenth year of king Josiah, that the king sent Shaphan the son of Azaliah, the son of Meshullam, the scribe, to the house of the LORD, saying,
Song of Solomon 7:11	Come, my beloved, let us go forth into the field; let us lodge in the villages.
Job 40:11	Cast abroad the rage of your wrath: and behold every one that is proud, and abase him.
Proverbs 9:12	If you be wise, you shall be wise for yourself: but if you scorn, you alone shall bear it.
Song of Solomon 2:2	As the lily among thorns, so is my love among the daughters.
2 Chronicles 5:8	For the cherubim spread forth their wings over the place of the ark, and the cherubim covered the ark and the staves thereof above.
Ruth 4:16	And Naomi took the child, and laid it in her bosom, and became nurse to it.
Nehemiah 8:18	Also day by day, from the first day to the last day, he read in the book of the law of God. And they kept the feast seven days; and on the eighth day was a solemn assembly, according to the manner.
Numbers 14:26	And the LORD spoke to Moses and to Aaron, saying,
2 Kings 15:6	And the rest of the acts of Azariah, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Psalm 68:21	But God shall wound the head of his enemies, and the hairy scalp of such an one as goes on still in his trespasses.
Jeremiah 22:26	And I will cast you out, and your mother that bore you, into another country, where you were not born; and there shall you die.
Jeremiah 31:6	For there shall be a day, that the watchmen on the mount Ephraim shall cry, Arise you, and let us go up to Zion to the LORD our God.
Luke 19:38	Saying, Blessed be the King that comes in the name of the Lord: peace in heaven, and glory in the highest.
Jeremiah 22:22	The wind shall eat up all your pastors, and your lovers shall go into captivity: surely then shall you be ashamed and confounded for all your wickedness.
Romans 8:36	As it is written, For your sake we are killed all the day long; we are accounted as sheep for the slaughter.
1 Corinthians 10:20	But I say, that the things which the Gentiles sacrifice, they sacrifice to devils, and not to God: and I would not that you should have fellowship with devils.
Matthew 10:23	But when they persecute you in this city, flee you into another: for truly I say to you, You shall not have gone over the cities of Israel, till the Son of man be come.
2 Kings 9:19	Then he sent out a second on horseback, which came to them, and said, Thus said the king, Is it peace? And Jehu answered, What have you to do with peace? turn you behind me.
John 6:45	It is written in the prophets, And they shall be all taught of God. Every man therefore that has heard, and has learned of the Father, comes to me.
Numbers 31:1	And the LORD spoke to Moses, saying,
Job 36:17	But you have fulfilled the judgment of the wicked: judgment and justice take hold on you.
Isaiah 65:4	Which remain among the graves, and lodge in the monuments, which eat swine’s flesh, and broth of abominable things is in their vessels;
Leviticus 26:34	Then shall the land enjoy her sabbaths, as long as it lies desolate, and you be in your enemies’ land; even then shall the land rest, and enjoy her sabbaths.
Psalm 25:3	Yes, let none that wait on you be ashamed: let them be ashamed which transgress without cause.
Job 41:29	Darts are counted as stubble: he laughs at the shaking of a spear.
Matthew 15:38	And they that did eat were four thousand men, beside women and children.
Luke 15:5	And when he has found it, he lays it on his shoulders, rejoicing.
2 Chronicles 11:13	And the priests and the Levites that were in all Israel resorted to him out of all their coasts.
Isaiah 2:19	And they shall go into the holes of the rocks, and into the caves of the earth, for fear of the LORD, and for the glory of his majesty, when he rises to shake terribly the earth.
Genesis 36:29	These are the dukes that came of the Horites; duke Lotan, duke Shobal, duke Zibeon, duke Anah,
Colossians 1:17	And he is before all things, and by him all things consist.
1 Corinthians 3:17	If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy; for the temple of God is holy, which temple you are.
Luke 1:66	And all they that heard them laid them up in their hearts, saying, What manner of child shall this be! And the hand of the Lord was with him.
2 Samuel 13:34	But Absalom fled. And the young man that kept the watch lifted up his eyes, and looked, and, behold, there came much people by the way of the hill side behind him.
Psalm 112:6	Surely he shall not be moved for ever: the righteous shall be in everlasting remembrance.
Job 6:25	How forcible are right words! but what does your arguing reprove?
Genesis 12:2	And I will make of you a great nation, and I will bless you, and make your name great; and you shall be a blessing:
Job 33:17	That he may withdraw man from his purpose, and hide pride from man.
Jeremiah 36:29	And you shall say to Jehoiakim king of Judah, Thus said the LORD; You have burned this roll, saying, Why have you written therein, saying, The king of Babylon shall certainly come and destroy this land, and shall cause to cease from there man and beast?
Zechariah 10:4	Out of him came forth the corner, out of him the nail, out of him the battle bow, out of him every oppressor together.
Judges 4:16	But Barak pursued after the chariots, and after the host, to Harosheth of the Gentiles: and all the host of Sisera fell on the edge of the sword; and there was not a man left.
Hebrews 11:39	And these all, having obtained a good report through faith, received not the promise:
Leviticus 19:3	You shall fear every man his mother, and his father, and keep my sabbaths: I am the LORD your God.
Judges 4:14	And Deborah said to Barak, Up; for this is the day in which the LORD has delivered Sisera into your hand: is not the LORD gone out before you? So Barak went down from mount Tabor, and ten thousand men after him.
Psalm 1:1	Blessed is the man that walks not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor stands in the way of sinners, nor sits in the seat of the scornful.
2 Samuel 17:1	Moreover Ahithophel said to Absalom, Let me now choose out twelve thousand men, and I will arise and pursue after David this night:
Ezra 6:4	With three rows of great stones, and a row of new timber: and let the expenses be given out of the king’s house:
2 Kings 11:16	And they laid hands on her; and she went by the way by the which the horses came into the king’s house: and there was she slain.
1 Chronicles 25:21	The fourteenth to Mattithiah, he, his sons, and his brothers, were twelve:
Deuteronomy 30:6	And the LORD your God will circumcise your heart, and the heart of your seed, to love the LORD your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, that you may live.
Proverbs 19:4	Wealth makes many friends; but the poor is separated from his neighbor.
Job 12:23	He increases the nations, and destroys them: he enlarges the nations, and straitens them again.
Luke 23:38	And a superscription also was written over him in letters of Greek, and Latin, and Hebrew, THIS IS THE KING OF THE JEWS.
Joshua 7:3	And they returned to Joshua, and said to him, Let not all the people go up; but let about two or three thousand men go up and smite Ai; and make not all the people to labor thither; for they are but few.
Revelation 19:2	For true and righteous are his judgments: for he has judged the great whore, which did corrupt the earth with her fornication, and has avenged the blood of his servants at her hand.
Psalm 133:3	As the dew of Hermon, and as the dew that descended on the mountains of Zion: for there the LORD commanded the blessing, even life for ever more.
Psalm 5:4	For you are not a God that has pleasure in wickedness: neither shall evil dwell with you.
Leviticus 15:9	And what saddle soever he rides on that has the issue shall be unclean.
Proverbs 9:7	He that reproves a scorner gets to himself shame: and he that rebukes a wicked man gets himself a blot.
2 Kings 10:24	And when they went in to offer sacrifices and burnt offerings, Jehu appointed fourscore men without, and said, If any of the men whom I have brought into your hands escape, he that lets him go, his life shall be for the life of him.
1 Corinthians 1:24	But to them which are called, both Jews and Greeks, Christ the power of God, and the wisdom of God.
Matthew 24:6	And you shall hear of wars and rumors of wars: see that you be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet.
Ecclesiastes 7:20	For there is not a just man on earth, that does good, and sins not.
2 Samuel 12:1	And the LORD sent Nathan to David. And he came to him, and said to him, There were two men in one city; the one rich, and the other poor.
Leviticus 18:6	None of you shall approach to any that is near of kin to him, to uncover their nakedness: I am the LORD.
Genesis 40:3	And he put them in ward in the house of the captain of the guard, into the prison, the place where Joseph was bound.
2 Chronicles 25:17	Then Amaziah king of Judah took advice, and sent to Joash, the son of Jehoahaz, the son of Jehu, king of Israel, saying, Come, let us see one another in the face.
1 Peter 2:23	Who, when he was reviled, reviled not again; when he suffered, he threatened not; but committed himself to him that judges righteously:
Leviticus 4:32	And if he bring a lamb for a sin offering, he shall bring it a female without blemish.
Revelation 21:2	And I John saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband.
2 Chronicles 13:11	And they burn to the LORD every morning and every evening burnt sacrifices and sweet incense: the show bread also set they in order on the pure table; and the candlestick of gold with the lamps thereof, to burn every evening: for we keep the charge of the LORD our God; but you have forsaken him.
Psalm 74:14	You brake the heads of leviathan in pieces, and gave him to be meat to the people inhabiting the wilderness.
Psalm 79:4	We are become a reproach to our neighbors, a scorn and derision to them that are round about us.
Isaiah 63:12	That led them by the right hand of Moses with his glorious arm, dividing the water before them, to make himself an everlasting name?
Ezekiel 5:12	A third part of you shall die with the pestilence, and with famine shall they be consumed in the middle of you: and a third part shall fall by the sword round about you; and I will scatter a third part into all the winds, and I will draw out a sword after them.
Psalm 87:6	The LORD shall count, when he writes up the people, that this man was born there. Selah.
Job 20:1	Then answered Zophar the Naamathite, and said,
Habakkuk 3:7	I saw the tents of Cushan in affliction: and the curtains of the land of Midian did tremble.
2 Chronicles 4:19	And Solomon made all the vessels that were for the house of God, the golden altar also, and the tables where on the show bread was set;
Hosea 8:10	Yes, though they have hired among the nations, now will I gather them, and they shall sorrow a little for the burden of the king of princes.
1 Chronicles 18:2	And he smote Moab; and the Moabites became David’s servants, and brought gifts.
Judges 13:1	And the children of Israel did evil again in the sight of the LORD; and the LORD delivered them into the hand of the Philistines forty years.
Colossians 2:7	Rooted and built up in him, and established in the faith, as you have been taught, abounding therein with thanksgiving.
Hosea 7:8	Ephraim, he has mixed himself among the people; Ephraim is a cake not turned.
Exodus 17:6	Behold, I will stand before you there on the rock in Horeb; and you shall smite the rock, and there shall come water out of it, that the people may drink. And Moses did so in the sight of the elders of Israel.
Joshua 15:14	And Caleb drove there the three sons of Anak, Sheshai, and Ahiman, and Talmai, the children of Anak.
Psalm 140:9	As for the head of those that compass me about, let the mischief of their own lips cover them.
Numbers 14:10	But all the congregation bade stone them with stones. And the glory of the LORD appeared in the tabernacle of the congregation before all the children of Israel.
Ezra 2:1	Now these are the children of the province that went up out of the captivity, of those which had been carried away, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away to Babylon, and came again to Jerusalem and Judah, every one to his city;
Joshua 12:22	The king of Kedesh, one; the king of Jokneam of Carmel, one;
Mark 7:7	However, in vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men.
John 8:41	You do the deeds of your father. Then said they to him, We be not born of fornication; we have one Father, even God.
Exodus 3:4	And when the LORD saw that he turned aside to see, God called to him out of the middle of the bush, and said, Moses, Moses. And he said, Here am I.
Deuteronomy 1:34	And the LORD heard the voice of your words, and was wroth, and swore, saying,
2 Samuel 15:21	And Ittai answered the king, and said, As the LORD lives, and as my lord the king lives, surely in what place my lord the king shall be, whether in death or life, even there also will your servant be.
John 18:33	Then Pilate entered into the judgment hall again, and called Jesus, and said to him, Are you the King of the Jews?
Luke 19:19	And he said likewise to him, Be you also over five cities.
Acts 19:41	And when he had thus spoken, he dismissed the assembly.
Mark 15:21	And they compel one Simon a Cyrenian, who passed by, coming out of the country, the father of Alexander and Rufus, to bear his cross.
1 Chronicles 7:8	And the sons of Becher; Zemira, and Joash, and Eliezer, and Elioenai, and Omri, and Jerimoth, and Abiah, and Anathoth, and Alameth. All these are the sons of Becher.
Jeremiah 23:38	But since you say, The burden of the LORD; therefore thus said the LORD; Because you say this word, The burden of the LORD, and I have sent to you, saying, You shall not say, The burden of the LORD;
Luke 7:42	And when they had nothing to pay, he frankly forgave them both. Tell me therefore, which of them will love him most?
1 Kings 11:42	And the time that Solomon reigned in Jerusalem over all Israel was forty years.
Psalm 9:9	The LORD also will be a refuge for the oppressed, a refuge in times of trouble.
Jeremiah 36:22	Now the king sat in the winter house in the ninth month: and there was a fire on the hearth burning before him.
Deuteronomy 16:20	That which is altogether just shall you follow, that you may live, and inherit the land which the LORD your God gives you.
Job 9:6	Which shakes the earth out of her place, and the pillars thereof tremble.
Jeremiah 49:14	I have heard a rumor from the LORD, and an ambassador is sent to the heathen, saying, Gather you together, and come against her, and rise up to the battle.
Matthew 8:23	And when he was entered into a ship, his disciples followed him.
Isaiah 29:8	It shall even be as when an hungry man dreams, and, behold, he eats; but he wakes, and his soul is empty: or as when a thirsty man dreams, and, behold, he drinks; but he wakes, and, behold, he is faint, and his soul has appetite: so shall the multitude of all the nations be, that fight against mount Zion.
Joshua 7:21	When I saw among the spoils a goodly Babylonish garment, and two hundred shekels of silver, and a wedge of gold of fifty shekels weight, then I coveted them, and took them; and, behold, they are hid in the earth in the middle of my tent, and the silver under it.
Luke 12:10	And whoever shall speak a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but to him that blasphemes against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgiven.
1 Samuel 28:10	And Saul swore to her by the LORD, saying, As the LORD lives, there shall no punishment happen to you for this thing.
Job 30:31	My harp also is turned to mourning, and my organ into the voice of them that weep.
Deuteronomy 11:12	A land which the LORD your God cares for: the eyes of the LORD your God are always on it, from the beginning of the year even to the end of the year.
Acts 11:25	Then departed Barnabas to Tarsus, for to seek Saul:
Numbers 33:27	And they departed from Tahath, and pitched at Tarah.
Psalm 78:9	The children of Ephraim, being armed, and carrying bows, turned back in the day of battle.
1 Timothy 1:6	From which some having swerved have turned aside to vain jangling;
Psalm 89:51	With which your enemies have reproached, O LORD; with which they have reproached the footsteps of your anointed.
Daniel 4:32	And they shall drive you from men, and your dwelling shall be with the beasts of the field: they shall make you to eat grass as oxen, and seven times shall pass over you, until you know that the most High rules in the kingdom of men, and gives it to whomsoever he will.
Psalm 25:20	O keep my soul, and deliver me: let me not be ashamed; for I put my trust in you.
Exodus 38:12	And for the west side were hangings of fifty cubits, their pillars ten, and their sockets ten; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets of silver.
Deuteronomy 25:15	But you shall have a perfect and just weight, a perfect and just measure shall you have: that your days may be lengthened in the land which the LORD your God gives you.
Job 6:13	Is not my help in me? and is wisdom driven quite from me?
Isaiah 20:1	In the year that Tartan came to Ashdod, (when Sargon the king of Assyria sent him,) and fought against Ashdod, and took it;
Romans 8:18	For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us.
1 Chronicles 8:20	And Elienai, and Zilthai, and Eliel,
Luke 2:5	To be taxed with Mary his espoused wife, being great with child.
Proverbs 2:10	When wisdom enters into your heart, and knowledge is pleasant to your soul;
Psalm 135:19	Bless the LORD, O house of Israel: bless the LORD, O house of Aaron:
Numbers 15:41	I am the LORD your God, which brought you out of the land of Egypt, to be your God: I am the LORD your God.
Jeremiah 44:15	Then all the men which knew that their wives had burned incense to other gods, and all the women that stood by, a great multitude, even all the people that dwelled in the land of Egypt, in Pathros, answered Jeremiah, saying,
Titus 1:11	Whose mouths must be stopped, who subvert whole houses, teaching things which they ought not, for filthy lucre’s sake.
Matthew 24:3	And as he sat on the mount of Olives, the disciples came to him privately, saying, Tell us, when shall these things be? and what shall be the sign of your coming, and of the end of the world?
Leviticus 6:20	This is the offering of Aaron and of his sons, which they shall offer to the LORD in the day when he is anointed; the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a meat offering perpetual, half of it in the morning, and half thereof at night.
Leviticus 20:9	For every one that curses his father or his mother shall be surely put to death: he has cursed his father or his mother; his blood shall be on him.
Genesis 43:9	I will be surety for him; of my hand shall you require him: if I bring him not to you, and set him before you, then let me bear the blame for ever:
Genesis 33:1	And Jacob lifted up his eyes, and looked, and, behold, Esau came, and with him four hundred men. And he divided the children to Leah, and to Rachel, and to the two handmaids.
Ezra 10:18	And among the sons of the priests there were found that had taken strange wives: namely, of the sons of Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his brothers; Maaseiah, and Eliezer, and Jarib, and Gedaliah.
Joshua 1:17	According as we listened to Moses in all things, so will we listen to you: only the LORD your God be with you, as he was with Moses.
Revelation 8:2	And I saw the seven angels which stood before God; and to them were given seven trumpets.
Ecclesiastes 3:3	A time to kill, and a time to heal; a time to break down, and a time to build up;
Judges 19:3	And her husband arose, and went after her, to speak friendly to her, and to bring her again, having his servant with him, and a couple of asses: and she brought him into her father’s house: and when the father of the damsel saw him, he rejoiced to meet him.
Hosea 6:3	Then shall we know, if we follow on to know the LORD: his going forth is prepared as the morning; and he shall come to us as the rain, as the latter and former rain to the earth.
Proverbs 31:18	She perceives that her merchandise is good: her candle goes not out by night.
Psalm 78:58	For they provoked him to anger with their high places, and moved him to jealousy with their graven images.
Acts 13:43	Now when the congregation was broken up, many of the Jews and religious proselytes followed Paul and Barnabas: who, speaking to them, persuaded them to continue in the grace of God.
Deuteronomy 23:22	But if you shall forbear to vow, it shall be no sin in you.
Psalm 71:24	My tongue also shall talk of your righteousness all the day long: for they are confounded, for they are brought to shame, that seek my hurt.
James 2:6	But you have despised the poor. Do not rich men oppress you, and draw you before the judgment seats?
Job 34:22	There is no darkness, nor shadow of death, where the workers of iniquity may hide themselves.
Jeremiah 38:26	Then you shall say to them, I presented my supplication before the king, that he would not cause me to return to Jonathan’s house, to die there.
2 Kings 6:10	And the king of Israel sent to the place which the man of God told him and warned him of, and saved himself there, not once nor twice.
Jeremiah 23:2	Therefore thus said the LORD God of Israel against the pastors that feed my people; You have scattered my flock, and driven them away, and have not visited them: behold, I will visit on you the evil of your doings, said the LORD.
1 Samuel 8:6	But the thing displeased Samuel, when they said, Give us a king to judge us. And Samuel prayed to the LORD.
Mark 4:17	And have no root in themselves, and so endure but for a time: afterward, when affliction or persecution rises for the word’s sake, immediately they are offended.
Numbers 3:4	And Nadab and Abihu died before the LORD, when they offered strange fire before the LORD, in the wilderness of Sinai, and they had no children: and Eleazar and Ithamar ministered in the priest’s office in the sight of Aaron their father.
John 7:15	And the Jews marveled, saying, How knows this man letters, having never learned?
Psalm 71:18	Now also when I am old and gray headed, O God, forsake me not; until I have showed your strength to this generation, and your power to every one that is to come.
Deuteronomy 17:4	And it be told you, and you have heard of it, and inquired diligently, and, behold, it be true, and the thing certain, that such abomination is worked in Israel:
Ezekiel 12:22	Son of man, what is that proverb that you have in the land of Israel, saying, The days are prolonged, and every vision fails?
Psalm 34:8	O taste and see that the LORD is good: blessed is the man that trusts in him.
Leviticus 20:2	Again, you shall say to the children of Israel, Whoever he be of the children of Israel, or of the strangers that sojourn in Israel, that gives any of his seed to Molech; he shall surely be put to death: the people of the land shall stone him with stones.
Mark 14:24	And he said to them, This is my blood of the new testament, which is shed for many.
1 Chronicles 7:30	The sons of Asher; Imnah, and Isuah, and Ishuai, and Beriah, and Serah their sister.
Matthew 7:12	Therefore all things whatever you would that men should do to you, do you even so to them: for this is the law and the prophets.
Obadiah 1:20	And the captivity of this host of the children of Israel shall possess that of the Canaanites, even to Zarephath; and the captivity of Jerusalem, which is in Sepharad, shall possess the cities of the south.
1 Samuel 30:4	Then David and the people that were with him lifted up their voice and wept, until they had no more power to weep.
Matthew 4:1	Then was Jesus led up of the spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil.
Jeremiah 48:11	Moab has been at ease from his youth, and he has settled on his lees, and has not been emptied from vessel to vessel, neither has he gone into captivity: therefore his taste remained in him, and his scent is not changed.
Judges 3:8	Therefore the anger of the LORD was hot against Israel, and he sold them into the hand of Chushanrishathaim king of Mesopotamia: and the children of Israel served Chushanrishathaim eight years.
John 1:14	And the Word was made flesh, and dwelled among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.
1 Corinthians 7:12	But to the rest speak I, not the Lord: If any brother has a wife that believes not, and she be pleased to dwell with him, let him not put her away.
Isaiah 22:19	And I will drive you from your station, and from your state shall he pull you down.
Mark 10:27	And Jesus looking on them said, With men it is impossible, but not with God: for with God all things are possible.
2 Samuel 23:5	Although my house be not so with God; yet he has made with me an everlasting covenant, ordered in all things, and sure: for this is all my salvation, and all my desire, although he make it not to grow.
1 Chronicles 22:4	Also cedar trees in abundance: for the Zidonians and they of Tyre brought much cedar wood to David.
Jeremiah 20:1	Now Pashur the son of Immer the priest, who was also chief governor in the house of the LORD, heard that Jeremiah prophesied these things.
1 Corinthians 5:11	But now I have written to you not to keep company, if any man that is called a brother be a fornicator, or covetous, or an idolater, or a reviler, or a drunkard, or an extortionist; with such an one no not to eat.
Galatians 2:11	But when Peter was come to Antioch, I withstood him to the face, because he was to be blamed.
Psalm 34:6	This poor man cried, and the LORD heard him, and saved him out of all his troubles.
2 Chronicles 29:22	So they killed the bullocks, and the priests received the blood, and sprinkled it on the altar: likewise, when they had killed the rams, they sprinkled the blood on the altar: they killed also the lambs, and they sprinkled the blood on the altar.
Leviticus 27:11	And if it be any unclean beast, of which they do not offer a sacrifice to the LORD, then he shall present the beast before the priest:
Ezekiel 16:63	That you may remember, and be confounded, and never open your mouth any more because of your shame, when I am pacified toward you for all that you have done, said the Lord GOD.
3 John 1:12	Demetrius has good report of all men, and of the truth itself: yes, and we also bear record; and you know that our record is true.
Ezekiel 16:23	And it came to pass after all your wickedness, (woe, woe to you! said the LORD GOD;)
1 Kings 9:22	But of the children of Israel did Solomon make no slaves: but they were men of war, and his servants, and his princes, and his captains, and rulers of his chariots, and his horsemen.
Revelation 2:29	He that has an ear, let him hear what the Spirit said to the churches.
Isaiah 33:6	And wisdom and knowledge shall be the stability of your times, and strength of salvation: the fear of the LORD is his treasure.
2 Chronicles 35:22	Nevertheless Josiah would not turn his face from him, but disguised himself, that he might fight with him, and listened not to the words of Necho from the mouth of God, and came to fight in the valley of Megiddo.
Isaiah 47:2	Take the millstones, and grind meal: uncover your locks, make bore the leg, uncover the thigh, pass over the rivers.
Lamentations 3:21	This I recall to my mind, therefore have I hope.
Obadiah 1:18	And the house of Jacob shall be a fire, and the house of Joseph a flame, and the house of Esau for stubble, and they shall kindle in them, and devour them; and there shall not be any remaining of the house of Esau; for the LORD has spoken it.
Nehemiah 3:15	But the gate of the fountain repaired Shallun the son of Colhozeh, the ruler of part of Mizpah; he built it, and covered it, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof, and the wall of the pool of Siloah by the king’s garden, and to the stairs that go down from the city of David.
Ezekiel 48:21	And the residue shall be for the prince, on the one side and on the other of the holy oblation, and of the possession of the city, over against the five and twenty thousand of the oblation toward the east border, and westward over against the five and twenty thousand toward the west border, over against the portions for the prince: and it shall be the holy oblation; and the sanctuary of the house shall be in the middle thereof.
Ruth 2:13	Then she said, Let me find favor in your sight, my lord; for that you have comforted me, and for that you have spoken friendly to your handmaid, though I be not like to one of your handmaidens.
Ezra 7:15	And to carry the silver and gold, which the king and his counsellors have freely offered to the God of Israel, whose habitation is in Jerusalem,
Luke 16:23	And in hell he lift up his eyes, being in torments, and sees Abraham afar off, and Lazarus in his bosom.
Nehemiah 12:44	And at that time were some appointed over the chambers for the treasures, for the offerings, for the first fruits, and for the tithes, to gather into them out of the fields of the cities the portions of the law for the priests and Levites: for Judah rejoiced for the priests and for the Levites that waited.
Job 25:3	Is there any number of his armies? and on whom does not his light arise?
Jeremiah 4:20	Destruction on destruction is cried; for the whole land is spoiled: suddenly are my tents spoiled, and my curtains in a moment.
Psalm 73:19	How are they brought into desolation, as in a moment! they are utterly consumed with terrors.
1 Kings 14:25	And it came to pass in the fifth year of king Rehoboam, that Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem:
Isaiah 7:23	And it shall come to pass in that day, that every place shall be, where there were a thousand vines at a thousand sliver coins, it shall even be for briers and thorns.
1 Samuel 28:2	And David said to Achish, Surely you shall know what your servant can do. And Achish said to David, Therefore will I make you keeper of my head for ever.
Proverbs 6:3	Do this now, my son, and deliver yourself, when you are come into the hand of your friend; go, humble yourself, and make sure your friend.
Psalm 68:2	As smoke is driven away, so drive them away: as wax melts before the fire, so let the wicked perish at the presence of God.
1 Corinthians 12:1	Now concerning spiritual gifts, brothers, I would not have you ignorant.
John 12:32	And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men to me.
Joshua 12:23	The king of Dor in the coast of Dor, one; the king of the nations of Gilgal, one;
Matthew 1:20	But while he thought on these things, behold, the angel of the LORD appeared to him in a dream, saying, Joseph, you son of David, fear not to take to you Mary your wife: for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost.
Titus 3:6	Which he shed on us abundantly through Jesus Christ our Savior;
Ezekiel 20:46	Son of man, set your face toward the south, and drop your word toward the south, and prophesy against the forest of the south field;
Mark 11:21	And Peter calling to remembrance said to him, Master, behold, the fig tree which you cursed is withered away.
Romans 8:30	Moreover whom he did predestinate, them he also called: and whom he called, them he also justified: and whom he justified, them he also glorified.
Luke 10:2	Therefore said he to them, The harvest truly is great, but the laborers are few: pray you therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he would send forth laborers into his harvest.
Luke 15:24	For this my son was dead, and is alive again; he was lost, and is found. And they began to be merry.
Romans 15:32	That I may come to you with joy by the will of God, and may with you be refreshed.
Esther 6:8	Let the royal apparel be brought which the king uses to wear, and the horse that the king rides on, and the crown royal which is set on his head:
1 Chronicles 28:7	Moreover I will establish his kingdom for ever, if he be constant to do my commandments and my judgments, as at this day.
Genesis 43:28	And they answered, Your servant our father is in good health, he is yet alive. And they bowed down their heads, and made obeisance.
Judges 4:4	And Deborah, a prophetess, the wife of Lapidoth, she judged Israel at that time.
2 Samuel 18:23	But howsoever, said he, let me run. And he said to him, Run. Then Ahimaaz ran by the way of the plain, and overran Cushi.
Genesis 48:1	And it came to pass after these things, that one told Joseph, Behold, your father is sick: and he took with him his two sons, Manasseh and Ephraim.
Luke 7:13	And when the Lord saw her, he had compassion on her, and said to her, Weep not.
Matthew 1:25	And knew her not till she had brought forth her firstborn son: and he called his name JESUS.
Judges 9:17	(For my father fought for you, and adventured his life far, and delivered you out of the hand of Midian:
Psalm 88:9	My eye mourns by reason of affliction: LORD, I have called daily on you, I have stretched out my hands to you.
Romans 15:18	For I will not dare to speak of any of those things which Christ has not worked by me, to make the Gentiles obedient, by word and deed,
Psalm 147:17	He casts forth his ice like morsels: who can stand before his cold?
Luke 7:34	The Son of man is come eating and drinking; and you say, Behold a gluttonous man, and a drunkard, a friend of publicans and sinners!
Joshua 10:1	Now it came to pass, when Adonizedec king of Jerusalem had heard how Joshua had taken Ai, and had utterly destroyed it; as he had done to Jericho and her king, so he had done to Ai and her king; and how the inhabitants of Gibeon had made peace with Israel, and were among them;
Luke 6:32	For if you love them which love you, what thank have you? for sinners also love those that love them.
Jeremiah 17:26	And they shall come from the cities of Judah, and from the places about Jerusalem, and from the land of Benjamin, and from the plain, and from the mountains, and from the south, bringing burnt offerings, and sacrifices, and meat offerings, and incense, and bringing sacrifices of praise, to the house of the LORD.
Numbers 22:9	And God came to Balaam, and said, What men are these with you?
Psalm 89:50	Remember, Lord, the reproach of your servants; how I do bear in my bosom the reproach of all the mighty people;
Psalm 102:13	You shall arise, and have mercy on Zion: for the time to favor her, yes, the set time, is come.
Nehemiah 7:15	The children of Binnui, six hundred forty and eight.
Leviticus 19:4	Turn you not to idols, nor make to yourselves molten gods: I am the LORD your God.
Psalm 35:20	For they speak not peace: but they devise deceitful matters against them that are quiet in the land.
Ecclesiastes 4:12	And if one prevail against him, two shall withstand him; and a threefold cord is not quickly broken.
2 Chronicles 9:13	Now the weight of gold that came to Solomon in one year was six hundred and three score and six talents of gold;
Genesis 22:6	And Abraham took the wood of the burnt offering, and laid it on Isaac his son; and he took the fire in his hand, and a knife; and they went both of them together.
Jeremiah 3:16	And it shall come to pass, when you be multiplied and increased in the land, in those days, said the LORD, they shall say no more, The ark of the covenant of the LORD: neither shall it come to mind: neither shall they remember it; neither shall they visit it; neither shall that be done any more.
Luke 6:39	And he spoke a parable to them, Can the blind lead the blind? shall they not both fall into the ditch?
Leviticus 26:39	And they that are left of you shall pine away in their iniquity in your enemies’ lands; and also in the iniquities of their fathers shall they pine away with them.
Acts 22:16	And now why tarry you? arise, and be baptized, and wash away your sins, calling on the name of the Lord.
1 Samuel 15:31	So Samuel turned again after Saul; and Saul worshipped the LORD.
2 Timothy 2:18	Who concerning the truth have erred, saying that the resurrection is past already; and overthrow the faith of some.
2 Kings 6:4	So he went with them. And when they came to Jordan, they cut down wood.
Exodus 22:10	If a man deliver to his neighbor an ass, or an ox, or a sheep, or any beast, to keep; and it die, or be hurt, or driven away, no man seeing it:
Job 41:15	His scales are his pride, shut up together as with a close seal.
Acts 14:21	And when they had preached the gospel to that city, and had taught many, they returned again to Lystra, and to Iconium, and Antioch,
Numbers 2:7	Then the tribe of Zebulun: and Eliab the son of Helon shall be captain of the children of Zebulun.
Luke 3:26	Which was the son of Maath, which was the son of Mattathias, which was the son of Semei, which was the son of Joseph, which was the son of Juda,
2 Kings 16:1	In the seventeenth year of Pekah the son of Remaliah Ahaz the son of Jotham king of Judah began to reign.
Acts 26:26	For the king knows of these things, before whom also I speak freely: for I am persuaded that none of these things are hidden from him; for this thing was not done in a corner.
2 Kings 8:23	And the rest of the acts of Joram, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Matthew 9:3	And, behold, certain of the scribes said within themselves, This man blasphemes.
Isaiah 6:12	And the LORD have removed men far away, and there be a great forsaking in the middle of the land.
Jeremiah 48:46	Woe be to you, O Moab! the people of Chemosh perishes: for your sons are taken captives, and your daughters captives.
Genesis 21:8	And the child grew, and was weaned: and Abraham made a great feast the same day that Isaac was weaned.
Proverbs 10:1	The proverbs of Solomon. A wise son makes a glad father: but a foolish son is the heaviness of his mother.
1 Samuel 15:29	And also the Strength of Israel will not lie nor repent: for he is not a man, that he should repent.
2 Samuel 23:11	And after him was Shammah the son of Agee the Hararite. And the Philistines were gathered together into a troop, where was a piece of ground full of lentils: and the people fled from the Philistines.
Psalm 2:6	Yet have I set my king on my holy hill of Zion.
Jeremiah 9:15	Therefore thus said the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will feed them, even this people, with wormwood, and give them water of gall to drink.
Numbers 26:62	And those that were numbered of them were twenty and three thousand, all males from a month old and upward: for they were not numbered among the children of Israel, because there was no inheritance given them among the children of Israel.
Ecclesiastes 2:26	For God gives to a man that is good in his sight wisdom, and knowledge, and joy: but to the sinner he gives travail, to gather and to heap up, that he may give to him that is good before God. This also is vanity and vexation of spirit.
Numbers 23:25	And Balak said to Balaam, Neither curse them at all, nor bless them at all.
Job 23:9	On the left hand, where he does work, but I cannot behold him: he hides himself on the right hand, that I cannot see him:
2 Samuel 14:8	And the king said to the woman, Go to your house, and I will give charge concerning you.
Mark 1:45	But he went out, and began to publish it much, and to blaze abroad the matter, so that Jesus could no more openly enter into the city, but was without in desert places: and they came to him from every quarter.
Proverbs 2:11	Discretion shall preserve you, understanding shall keep you:
Isaiah 54:15	Behold, they shall surely gather together, but not by me: whoever shall gather together against you shall fall for your sake.
Deuteronomy 1:35	Surely there shall not one of these men of this evil generation see that good land, which I swore to give to your fathers.
Leviticus 11:35	And every thing whereupon any part of their carcass falls shall be unclean; whether it be oven, or ranges for pots, they shall be broken down: for they are unclean and shall be unclean to you.
Psalm 84:6	Who passing through the valley of Baca make it a well; the rain also fills the pools.
Numbers 28:9	And on the sabbath day two lambs of the first year without spot, and two tenth deals of flour for a meat offering, mingled with oil, and the drink offering thereof:
Ezekiel 48:33	And at the south side four thousand and five hundred measures: and three gates; one gate of Simeon, one gate of Issachar, one gate of Zebulun.
Judges 12:13	And after him Abdon the son of Hillel, a Pirathonite, judged Israel.
Romans 12:4	For as we have many members in one body, and all members have not the same office:
2 Kings 10:3	Look even out the best and meet of your master’s sons, and set him on his father’s throne, and fight for your master’s house.
Isaiah 23:12	And he said, You shall no more rejoice, O you oppressed virgin, daughter of Zidon: arise, pass over to Chittim; there also shall you have no rest.
2 Kings 18:23	Now therefore, I pray you, give pledges to my lord the king of Assyria, and I will deliver you two thousand horses, if you be able on your part to set riders on them.
1 Kings 22:7	And Jehoshaphat said, Is there not here a prophet of the LORD besides, that we might inquire of him?
Ezekiel 44:28	And it shall be to them for an inheritance: I am their inheritance: and you shall give them no possession in Israel: I am their possession.
Leviticus 10:8	And the LORD spoke to Aaron, saying,
Esther 7:8	Then the king returned out of the palace garden into the place of the banquet of wine; and Haman was fallen on the bed where on Esther was. Then said the king, Will he force the queen also before me in the house? As the word went out of king’s mouth, they covered Haman’s face.
Jeremiah 8:5	Why then is this people of Jerusalem slid back by a perpetual backsliding? they hold fast deceit, they refuse to return.
Ephesians 1:13	In whom you also trusted, after that you heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation: in whom also after that you believed, you were sealed with that holy Spirit of promise,
1 Samuel 18:13	Therefore Saul removed him from him, and made him his captain over a thousand; and he went out and came in before the people.
1 Chronicles 23:19	Of the sons of Hebron; Jeriah the first, Amariah the second, Jahaziel the third, and Jekameam the fourth.
Matthew 13:10	And the disciples came, and said to him, Why speak you to them in parables?
Luke 4:28	And all they in the synagogue, when they heard these things, were filled with wrath,
Judges 11:19	And Israel sent messengers to Sihon king of the Amorites, the king of Heshbon; and Israel said to him, Let us pass, we pray you, through your land into my place.
Proverbs 22:10	Cast out the scorner, and contention shall go out; yes, strife and reproach shall cease.
Judges 16:7	And Samson said to her, If they bind me with seven green thongs that were never dried, then shall I be weak, and be as another man.
2 Chronicles 33:9	So Manasseh made Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem to err, and to do worse than the heathen, whom the LORD had destroyed before the children of Israel.
Amos 5:18	Woe to you that desire the day of the LORD! to what end is it for you? the day of the LORD is darkness, and not light.
Jeremiah 41:1	Now it came to pass in the seventh month, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah the son of Elishama, of the seed royal, and the princes of the king, even ten men with him, came to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam to Mizpah; and there they did eat bread together in Mizpah.
Psalm 77:13	Your way, O God, is in the sanctuary: who is so great a God as our God?
Psalm 33:7	He gathers the waters of the sea together as an heap: he lays up the depth in storehouses.
Jeremiah 51:30	The mighty men of Babylon have declined to fight, they have remained in their holds: their might has failed; they became as women: they have burned her dwelling places; her bars are broken.
1 Chronicles 5:15	Ahi the son of Abdiel, the son of Guni, chief of the house of their fathers.
Job 34:11	For the work of a man shall he render to him, and cause every man to find according to his ways.
1 Chronicles 7:15	And Machir took to wife the sister of Huppim and Shuppim, whose sister’s name was Maachah;) and the name of the second was Zelophehad: and Zelophehad had daughters.
1 Chronicles 28:16	And by weight he gave gold for the tables of show bread, for every table; and likewise silver for the tables of silver:
Hebrews 2:10	For it became him, for whom are all things, and by whom are all things, in bringing many sons to glory, to make the captain of their salvation perfect through sufferings.
Luke 8:49	While he yet spoke, there comes one from the ruler of the synagogue’s house, saying to him, Your daughter is dead; trouble not the Master.
Acts 18:17	Then all the Greeks took Sosthenes, the chief ruler of the synagogue, and beat him before the judgment seat. And Gallio cared for none of those things.
Judges 19:29	And when he was come into his house, he took a knife, and laid hold on his concubine, and divided her, together with her bones, into twelve pieces, and sent her into all the coasts of Israel.
1 Corinthians 2:13	Which things also we speak, not in the words which man’s wisdom teaches, but which the Holy Ghost teaches; comparing spiritual things with spiritual.
1 Chronicles 8:40	And the sons of Ulam were mighty men of valor, archers, and had many sons, and sons’ sons, an hundred and fifty. All these are of the sons of Benjamin.
2 Kings 2:9	And it came to pass, when they were gone over, that Elijah said to Elisha, Ask what I shall do for you, before I be taken away from you. And Elisha said, I pray you, let a double portion of your spirit be on me.
Jeremiah 36:17	And they asked Baruch, saying, Tell us now, How did you write all these words at his mouth?
Isaiah 1:27	Zion shall be redeemed with judgment, and her converts with righteousness.
Proverbs 6:18	An heart that devises wicked imaginations, feet that be swift in running to mischief,
Ezekiel 46:17	But if he give a gift of his inheritance to one of his servants, then it shall be his to the year of liberty; after it shall return to the prince: but his inheritance shall be his sons’ for them.
Hebrews 6:20	Where the forerunner is for us entered, even Jesus, made an high priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec.
Isaiah 55:10	For as the rain comes down, and the snow from heaven, and returns not thither, but waters the earth, and makes it bring forth and bud, that it may give seed to the sower, and bread to the eater:
1 Kings 20:21	And the king of Israel went out, and smote the horses and chariots, and slew the Syrians with a great slaughter.
1 Samuel 24:13	As said the proverb of the ancients, Wickedness proceeds from the wicked: but my hand shall not be on you.
2 Chronicles 18:23	Then Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah came near, and smote Micaiah on the cheek, and said, Which way went the Spirit of the LORD from me to speak to you?
Isaiah 60:17	For brass I will bring gold, and for iron I will bring silver, and for wood brass, and for stones iron: I will also make your officers peace, and your exactors righteousness.
Job 20:17	He shall not see the rivers, the floods, the brooks of honey and butter.
Romans 6:15	What then? shall we sin, because we are not under the law, but under grace? God forbid.
Ezekiel 22:5	Those that be near, and those that be far from you, shall mock you, which are infamous and much vexed.
Ezekiel 40:47	So he measured the court, an hundred cubits long, and an hundred cubits broad, foursquare; and the altar that was before the house.
Lamentations 1:5	Her adversaries are the chief, her enemies prosper; for the LORD has afflicted her for the multitude of her transgressions: her children are gone into captivity before the enemy.
2 Samuel 22:13	Through the brightness before him were coals of fire kindled.
2 Corinthians 3:10	For even that which was made glorious had no glory in this respect, by reason of the glory that excels.
Psalm 119:32	I will run the way of your commandments, when you shall enlarge my heart.
Judges 6:30	Then the men of the city said to Joash, Bring out your son, that he may die: because he has cast down the altar of Baal, and because he has cut down the grove that was by it.
Isaiah 36:19	Where are the gods of Hamath and Arphad? where are the gods of Sepharvaim? and have they delivered Samaria out of my hand?
Isaiah 21:11	The burden of Dumah. He calls to me out of Seir, Watchman, what of the night? Watchman, what of the night?
Proverbs 22:9	He that has a bountiful eye shall be blessed; for he gives of his bread to the poor.
Jeremiah 49:21	The earth is moved at the noise of their fall, at the cry the noise thereof was heard in the Red sea.
1 Kings 14:15	For the LORD shall smite Israel, as a reed is shaken in the water, and he shall root up Israel out of this good land, which he gave to their fathers, and shall scatter them beyond the river, because they have made their groves, provoking the LORD to anger.
Jeremiah 51:20	You are my battle ax and weapons of war: for with you will I break in pieces the nations, and with you will I destroy kingdoms;
Jeremiah 5:19	And it shall come to pass, when you shall say, Why does the LORD our God all these things to us? then shall you answer them, Like as you have forsaken me, and served strange gods in your land, so shall you serve strangers in a land that is not yours.
Ezekiel 14:7	For every one of the house of Israel, or of the stranger that sojournes in Israel, which separates himself from me, and sets up his idols in his heart, and puts the stumbling block of his iniquity before his face, and comes to a prophet to inquire of him concerning me; I the LORD will answer him by myself:
Genesis 41:42	And Pharaoh took off his ring from his hand, and put it on Joseph’s hand, and arrayed him in clothing of fine linen, and put a gold chain about his neck;
Daniel 4:3	How great are his signs! and how mighty are his wonders! his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and his dominion is from generation to generation.
Genesis 38:19	And she arose, and went away, and laid by her veil from her, and put on the garments of her widowhood.
Job 5:23	For you shall be in league with the stones of the field: and the beasts of the field shall be at peace with you.
Joshua 13:2	This is the land that yet remains: all the borders of the Philistines, and all Geshuri,
Numbers 27:4	Why should the name of our father be done away from among his family, because he has no son? Give to us therefore a possession among the brothers of our father.
Ezekiel 4:5	For I have laid on you the years of their iniquity, according to the number of the days, three hundred and ninety days: so shall you bear the iniquity of the house of Israel.
Ephesians 1:21	Far above all principality, and power, and might, and dominion, and every name that is named, not only in this world, but also in that which is to come:
Jeremiah 38:15	Then Jeremiah said to Zedekiah, If I declare it to you, will you not surely put me to death? and if I give you counsel, will you not listen to me?
Numbers 31:18	But all the women children, that have not known a man by lying with him, keep alive for yourselves.
Acts 25:6	And when he had tarried among them more than ten days, he went down to Caesarea; and the next day sitting on the judgment seat commanded Paul to be brought.
Joshua 18:10	And Joshua cast lots for them in Shiloh before the LORD: and there Joshua divided the land to the children of Israel according to their divisions.
1 Chronicles 21:3	And Joab answered, The LORD make his people an hundred times so many more as they be: but, my lord the king, are they not all my lord’s servants? why then does my lord require this thing? why will he be a cause of trespass to Israel?
Haggai 2:16	Since those days were, when one came to an heap of twenty measures, there were but ten: when one came to the fat press for to draw out fifty vessels out of the press, there were but twenty.
2 Chronicles 2:8	Send me also cedar trees, fir trees, and algum trees, out of Lebanon: for I know that your servants can skill to cut timber in Lebanon; and, behold, my servants shall be with your servants,
Hebrews 10:37	For yet a little while, and he that shall come will come, and will not tarry.
Acts 2:1	And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place.
Exodus 34:9	And he said, If now I have found grace in your sight, O LORD, let my LORD, I pray you, go among us; for it is a stiff necked people; and pardon our iniquity and our sin, and take us for your inheritance.
Judges 14:20	But Samson’s wife was given to his companion, whom he had used as his friend.
Exodus 29:31	And you shall take the ram of the consecration, and seethe his flesh in the holy place.
Job 1:6	Now there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the LORD, and Satan came also among them.
1 Corinthians 15:27	For he has put all things under his feet. But when he said all things are put under him, it is manifest that he is excepted, which did put all things under him.
Leviticus 10:15	The heave shoulder and the wave breast shall they bring with the offerings made by fire of the fat, to wave it for a wave offering before the LORD; and it shall be yours, and your sons’ with you, by a statute for ever; as the LORD has commanded.
Deuteronomy 19:20	And those which remain shall hear, and fear, and shall from now on commit no more any such evil among you.
Joshua 15:30	And Eltolad, and Chesil, and Hormah,
1 John 3:16	Hereby perceive we the love of God, because he laid down his life for us: and we ought to lay down our lives for the brothers.
Deuteronomy 26:2	That you shall take of the first of all the fruit of the earth, which you shall bring of your land that the LORD your God gives you, and shall put it in a basket, and shall go to the place which the LORD your God shall choose to place his name there.
Leviticus 8:10	And Moses took the anointing oil, and anointed the tabernacle and all that was therein, and sanctified them.
Isaiah 30:2	That walk to go down into Egypt, and have not asked at my mouth; to strengthen themselves in the strength of Pharaoh, and to trust in the shadow of Egypt!
Psalm 61:8	So will I sing praise to your name for ever, that I may daily perform my vows.
Proverbs 21:20	There is treasure to be desired and oil in the dwelling of the wise; but a foolish man spends it up.
Luke 6:13	And when it was day, he called to him his disciples: and of them he chose twelve, whom also he named apostles;
John 11:23	Jesus said to her, Your brother shall rise again.
2 Kings 24:8	Jehoiachin was eighteen years old when he began to reign, and he reigned in Jerusalem three months. And his mother’s name was Nehushta, the daughter of Elnathan of Jerusalem.
Hebrews 12:23	To the general assembly and church of the firstborn, which are written in heaven, and to God the Judge of all, and to the spirits of just men made perfect,
Exodus 9:31	And the flax and the barley was smitten: for the barley was in the ear, and the flax was in bloom.
Mark 10:25	It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.
Leviticus 9:12	And he slew the burnt offering; and Aaron’s sons presented to him the blood, which he sprinkled round about on the altar.
Jeremiah 44:10	They are not humbled even to this day, neither have they feared, nor walked in my law, nor in my statutes, that I set before you and before your fathers.
Exodus 33:5	For the LORD had said to Moses, Say to the children of Israel, You are a stiff necked people: I will come up into the middle of you in a moment, and consume you: therefore now put off your ornaments from you, that I may know what to do to you.
John 10:41	And many resorted to him, and said, John did no miracle: but all things that John spoke of this man were true.
Job 27:13	This is the portion of a wicked man with God, and the heritage of oppressors, which they shall receive of the Almighty.
Matthew 19:6	Why they are no more two, but one flesh. What therefore God has joined together, let not man put asunder.
Micah 2:11	If a man walking in the spirit and falsehood do lie, saying, I will prophesy to you of wine and of strong drink; he shall even be the prophet of this people.
1 Kings 13:19	So he went back with him, and did eat bread in his house, and drank water.
Leviticus 18:22	You shall not lie with mankind, as with womankind: it is abomination.
Deuteronomy 6:11	And houses full of all good things, which you filled not, and wells dig, which you digged not, vineyards and olive trees, which you planted not; when you shall have eaten and be full;
Exodus 36:10	And he coupled the five curtains one to another: and the other five curtains he coupled one to another.
Matthew 17:24	And when they were come to Capernaum, they that received tribute money came to Peter, and said, Does not your master pay tribute?
Exodus 39:27	And they made coats of fine linen of woven work for Aaron, and for his sons,
1 Kings 4:31	For he was wiser than all men; than Ethan the Ezrahite, and Heman, and Chalcol, and Darda, the sons of Mahol: and his fame was in all nations round about.
John 3:14	And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of man be lifted up:
Daniel 11:45	And he shall plant the tabernacles of his palace between the seas in the glorious holy mountain; yet he shall come to his end, and none shall help him.
1 Chronicles 1:20	And Joktan begat Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah,
Judges 9:15	And the bramble said to the trees, If in truth you anoint me king over you, then come and put your trust in my shadow: and if not, let fire come out of the bramble, and devour the cedars of Lebanon.
Exodus 37:24	Of a talent of pure gold made he it, and all the vessels thereof.
Matthew 13:44	Again, the kingdom of heaven is like to treasure hid in a field; the which when a man has found, he hides, and for joy thereof goes and sells all that he has, and buys that field.
2 Samuel 6:1	Again, David gathered together all the chosen men of Israel, thirty thousand.
Jeremiah 31:3	The LORD has appeared of old to me, saying, Yes, I have loved you with an everlasting love: therefore with loving kindness have I drawn you.
Genesis 24:3	And I will make you swear by the LORD, the God of heaven, and the God of the earth, that you shall not take a wife to my son of the daughters of the Canaanites, among whom I dwell:
1 Samuel 31:9	And they cut off his head, and stripped off his armor, and sent into the land of the Philistines round about, to publish it in the house of their idols, and among the people.
Proverbs 26:25	When he speaks fair, believe him not: for there are seven abominations in his heart.
Leviticus 25:24	And in all the land of your possession you shall grant a redemption for the land.
Psalm 119:55	I have remembered your name, O LORD, in the night, and have kept your law.
Job 33:19	He is chastened also with pain on his bed, and the multitude of his bones with strong pain:
1 Samuel 27:11	And David saved neither man nor woman alive, to bring tidings to Gath, saying, Lest they should tell on us, saying, So did David, and so will be his manner all the while he dwells in the country of the Philistines.
Exodus 33:17	And the LORD said to Moses, I will do this thing also that you have spoken: for you have found grace in my sight, and I know you by name.
Job 19:27	Whom I shall see for myself, and my eyes shall behold, and not another; though my reins be consumed within me.
Acts 13:27	For they that dwell at Jerusalem, and their rulers, because they knew him not, nor yet the voices of the prophets which are read every sabbath day, they have fulfilled them in condemning him.
2 Chronicles 5:5	And they brought up the ark, and the tabernacle of the congregation, and all the holy vessels that were in the tabernacle, these did the priests and the Levites bring up.
Esther 6:10	Then the king said to Haman, Make haste, and take the apparel and the horse, as you have said, and do even so to Mordecai the Jew, that sits at the king’s gate: let nothing fail of all that you have spoken.
Acts 21:33	Then the chief captain came near, and took him, and commanded him to be bound with two chains; and demanded who he was, and what he had done.
Acts 2:20	The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before the great and notable day of the Lord come:
Numbers 22:2	And Balak the son of Zippor saw all that Israel had done to the Amorites.
Numbers 35:3	And the cities shall they have to dwell in; and the suburbs of them shall be for their cattle, and for their goods, and for all their beasts.
Joshua 22:25	For the LORD has made Jordan a border between us and you, you children of Reuben and children of Gad; you have no part in the LORD: so shall your children make our children cease from fearing the LORD.
Judges 16:10	And Delilah said to Samson, Behold, you have mocked me, and told me lies: now tell me, I pray you, with which you might be bound.
Judges 6:15	And he said to him, Oh my Lord, with which shall I save Israel? behold, my family is poor in Manasseh, and I am the least in my father’s house.
1 Peter 4:10	As every man has received the gift, even so minister the same one to another, as good stewards of the manifold grace of God.
2 Chronicles 29:3	He in the first year of his reign, in the first month, opened the doors of the house of the LORD, and repaired them.
1 Corinthians 12:22	No, much more those members of the body, which seem to be more feeble, are necessary:
Psalm 149:3	Let them praise his name in the dance: let them sing praises to him with the tambourine and harp.
Judges 2:17	And yet they would not listen to their judges, but they went a whoring after other gods, and bowed themselves to them: they turned quickly out of the way which their fathers walked in, obeying the commandments of the LORD; but they did not so.
Deuteronomy 32:28	For they are a nation void of counsel, neither is there any understanding in them.
Ezekiel 27:4	Your borders are in the middle of the seas, your builders have perfected your beauty.
Judges 20:9	But now this shall be the thing which we will do to Gibeah; we will go up by lot against it;
Romans 13:3	For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil. Will you then not be afraid of the power? do that which is good, and you shall have praise of the same:
Leviticus 16:12	And he shall take a censer full of burning coals of fire from off the altar before the LORD, and his hands full of sweet incense beaten small, and bring it within the veil:
Genesis 4:20	And Adah bore Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tents, and of such as have cattle.
Genesis 49:29	And he charged them, and said to them, I am to be gathered to my people: bury me with my fathers in the cave that is in the field of Ephron the Hittite,
Exodus 35:20	And all the congregation of the children of Israel departed from the presence of Moses.
Deuteronomy 20:17	But you shall utterly destroy them; namely, the Hittites, and the Amorites, the Canaanites, and the Perizzites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites; as the LORD your God has commanded you:
Psalm 78:14	In the daytime also he led them with a cloud, and all the night with a light of fire.
Ephesians 2:10	For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus to good works, which God has before ordained that we should walk in them.
Jeremiah 48:22	And on Dibon, and on Nebo, and on Bethdiblathaim,
Job 41:1	Can you draw out leviathan with an hook? or his tongue with a cord which you let down?
Exodus 35:7	And rams’ skins dyed red, and badgers’ skins, and shittim wood,
Luke 22:33	And he said to him, Lord, I am ready to go with you, both into prison, and to death.
Luke 24:32	And they said one to another, Did not our heart burn within us, while he talked with us by the way, and while he opened to us the scriptures?
Micah 3:7	Then shall the seers be ashamed, and the diviners confounded: yes, they shall all cover their lips; for there is no answer of God.
1 Kings 1:20	And you, my lord, O king, the eyes of all Israel are on you, that you should tell them who shall sit on the throne of my lord the king after him.
Isaiah 31:5	As birds flying, so will the LORD of hosts defend Jerusalem; defending also he will deliver it; and passing over he will preserve it.
Ezekiel 48:17	And the suburbs of the city shall be toward the north two hundred and fifty, and toward the south two hundred and fifty, and toward the east two hundred and fifty, and toward the west two hundred and fifty.
Revelation 5:13	And every creature which is in heaven, and on the earth, and under the earth, and such as are in the sea, and all that are in them, heard I saying, Blessing, and honor, and glory, and power, be to him that sits on the throne, and to the Lamb for ever and ever.
Zephaniah 1:17	And I will bring distress on men, that they shall walk like blind men, because they have sinned against the LORD: and their blood shall be poured out as dust, and their flesh as the dung.
Job 2:13	So they sat down with him on the ground seven days and seven nights, and none spoke a word to him: for they saw that his grief was very great.
Ezekiel 21:29	Whiles they see vanity to you, whiles they divine a lie to you, to bring you on the necks of them that are slain, of the wicked, whose day is come, when their iniquity shall have an end.
1 Chronicles 9:3	And in Jerusalem dwelled of the children of Judah, and of the children of Benjamin, and of the children of Ephraim, and Manasseh;
Judges 8:28	Thus was Midian subdued before the children of Israel, so that they lifted up their heads no more. And the country was in quietness forty years in the days of Gideon.
Numbers 33:55	But if you will not drive out the inhabitants of the land from before you; then it shall come to pass, that those which you let remain of them shall be pricks in your eyes, and thorns in your sides, and shall vex you in the land wherein you dwell.
Psalm 51:4	Against you, you only, have I sinned, and done this evil in your sight: that you might be justified when you speak, and be clear when you judge.
Acts 15:14	Simeon has declared how God at the first did visit the Gentiles, to take out of them a people for his name.
1 Samuel 4:10	And the Philistines fought, and Israel was smitten, and they fled every man into his tent: and there was a very great slaughter; for there fell of Israel thirty thousand footmen.
2 Chronicles 29:28	And all the congregation worshipped, and the singers sang, and the trumpeters sounded: and all this continued until the burnt offering was finished.
Acts 3:9	And all the people saw him walking and praising God:
Amos 2:11	And I raised up of your sons for prophets, and of your young men for Nazarites. Is it not even thus, O you children of Israel? said the LORD.
1 Chronicles 23:13	The sons of Amram; Aaron and Moses: and Aaron was separated, that he should sanctify the most holy things, he and his sons for ever, to burn incense before the LORD, to minister to him, and to bless in his name for ever.
Luke 12:45	But and if that servant say in his heart, My lord delays his coming; and shall begin to beat the menservants and maidens, and to eat and drink, and to be drunken;
Leviticus 21:17	Speak to Aaron, saying, Whoever he be of your seed in their generations that has any blemish, let him not approach to offer the bread of his God.
Zechariah 4:2	And said to me, What see you? And I said, I have looked, and behold a candlestick all of gold, with a bowl on the top of it, and his seven lamps thereon, and seven pipes to the seven lamps, which are on the top thereof:
Mark 6:4	But Jesus, said to them, A prophet is not without honor, but in his own country, and among his own kin, and in his own house.
Matthew 13:28	He said to them, An enemy has done this. The servants said to him, Will you then that we go and gather them up?
Jeremiah 26:5	To listen to the words of my servants the prophets, whom I sent to you, both rising up early, and sending them, but you have not listened;
Luke 20:28	Saying, Master, Moses wrote to us, If any man’s brother die, having a wife, and he die without children, that his brother should take his wife, and raise up seed to his brother.
Job 11:11	For he knows vain men: he sees wickedness also; will he not then consider it?
1 Timothy 5:9	Let not a widow be taken into the number under three score years old, having been the wife of one man.
Psalm 120:3	What shall be given to you? or what shall be done to you, you false tongue?
1 Thessalonians 2:11	As you know how we exhorted and comforted and charged every one of you, as a father does his children,
Isaiah 41:18	I will open rivers in high places, and fountains in the middle of the valleys: I will make the wilderness a pool of water, and the dry land springs of water.
1 Kings 14:1	At that time Abijah the son of Jeroboam fell sick.
1 Kings 20:29	And they pitched one over against the other seven days. And so it was, that in the seventh day the battle was joined: and the children of Israel slew of the Syrians an hundred thousand footmen in one day.
Deuteronomy 16:1	Observe the month of Abib, and keep the passover to the LORD your God: for in the month of Abib the LORD your God brought you forth out of Egypt by night.
Deuteronomy 28:59	Then the LORD will make your plagues wonderful, and the plagues of your seed, even great plagues, and of long continuance, and sore sicknesses, and of long continuance.
1 Kings 10:6	And she said to the king, It was a true report that I heard in my own land of your acts and of your wisdom.
1 Chronicles 9:16	And Obadiah the son of Shemaiah, the son of Galal, the son of Jeduthun, and Berechiah the son of Asa, the son of Elkanah, that dwelled in the villages of the Netophathites.
Numbers 33:45	And they departed from Iim, and pitched in Dibongad.
Psalm 127:5	Happy is the man that has his quiver full of them: they shall not be ashamed, but they shall speak with the enemies in the gate.
Leviticus 25:41	And then shall he depart from you, both he and his children with him, and shall return to his own family, and to the possession of his fathers shall he return.
Job 23:12	Neither have I gone back from the commandment of his lips; I have esteemed the words of his mouth more than my necessary food.
Psalm 55:1	Give ear to my prayer, O God; and hide not yourself from my supplication.
Lamentations 2:17	The LORD has done that which he had devised; he has fulfilled his word that he had commanded in the days of old: he has thrown down, and has not pitied: and he has caused your enemy to rejoice over you, he has set up the horn of your adversaries.
Psalm 88:3	For my soul is full of troubles: and my life draws near to the grave.
Proverbs 20:3	It is an honor for a man to cease from strife: but every fool will be meddling.
Leviticus 27:7	And if it be from sixty years old and above; if it be a male, then your estimation shall be fifteen shekels, and for the female ten shekels.
Psalm 106:23	Therefore he said that he would destroy them, had not Moses his chosen stood before him in the breach, to turn away his wrath, lest he should destroy them.
Genesis 50:22	And Joseph dwelled in Egypt, he, and his father’s house: and Joseph lived an hundred and ten years.
Jeremiah 3:13	Only acknowledge your iniquity, that you have transgressed against the LORD your God, and have scattered your ways to the strangers under every green tree, and you have not obeyed my voice, said the LORD.
Acts 22:8	And I answered, Who are you, Lord? And he said to me, I am Jesus of Nazareth, whom you persecute.
Matthew 18:6	But whoever shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea.
Philippians 4:15	Now you Philippians know also, that in the beginning of the gospel, when I departed from Macedonia, no church communicated with me as concerning giving and receiving, but you only.
Acts 23:6	But when Paul perceived that the one part were Sadducees, and the other Pharisees, he cried out in the council, Men and brothers, I am a Pharisee, the son of a Pharisee: of the hope and resurrection of the dead I am called in question.
2 Kings 13:22	But Hazael king of Syria oppressed Israel all the days of Jehoahaz.
Exodus 18:4	And the name of the other was Eliezer; for the God of my father, said he, was my help, and delivered me from the sword of Pharaoh:
Ezekiel 34:20	Therefore thus said the Lord GOD to them; Behold, I, even I, will judge between the fat cattle and between the lean cattle.
Ezekiel 30:17	The young men of Aven and of Pibeseth shall fall by the sword: and these cities shall go into captivity.
2 Kings 10:29	However, from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin, Jehu departed not from after them, to wit, the golden calves that were in Bethel, and that were in Dan.
Exodus 16:22	And it came to pass, that on the sixth day they gathered twice as much bread, two omers for one man: and all the rulers of the congregation came and told Moses.
Exodus 1:6	And Joseph died, and all his brothers, and all that generation.
Psalm 119:79	Let those that fear you turn to me, and those that have known your testimonies.
Deuteronomy 26:3	And you shall go to the priest that shall be in those days, and say to him, I profess this day to the LORD your God, that I am come to the country which the LORD swore to our fathers for to give us.
1 Kings 6:9	So he built the house, and finished it; and covered the house with beams and boards of cedar.
2 Kings 24:5	Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Genesis 32:30	And Jacob called the name of the place Peniel: for I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved.
Matthew 17:23	And they shall kill him, and the third day he shall be raised again. And they were exceeding sorry.
Luke 23:37	And saying, If you be the king of the Jews, save yourself.
Isaiah 13:1	The burden of Babylon, which Isaiah the son of Amoz did see.
Exodus 19:14	And Moses went down from the mount to the people, and sanctified the people; and they washed their clothes.
Matthew 28:18	And Jesus came and spoke to them, saying, All power is given to me in heaven and in earth.
Jeremiah 5:13	And the prophets shall become wind, and the word is not in them: thus shall it be done to them.
Psalm 107:22	And let them sacrifice the sacrifices of thanksgiving, and declare his works with rejoicing.
Psalm 13:1	How long will you forget me, O LORD? for ever? how long will you hide your face from me?
Ezekiel 33:6	But if the watchman see the sword come, and blow not the trumpet, and the people be not warned; if the sword come, and take any person from among them, he is taken away in his iniquity; but his blood will I require at the watchman’s hand.
Romans 4:15	Because the law works wrath: for where no law is, there is no transgression.
Proverbs 13:8	The ransom of a man’s life are his riches: but the poor hears not rebuke.
Psalm 106:45	And he remembered for them his covenant, and repented according to the multitude of his mercies.
Zechariah 13:7	Awake, O sword, against my shepherd, and against the man that is my fellow, said the LORD of hosts: smite the shepherd, and the sheep shall be scattered: and I will turn my hand on the little ones.
Judges 10:8	And that year they vexed and oppressed the children of Israel: eighteen years, all the children of Israel that were on the other side Jordan in the land of the Amorites, which is in Gilead.
John 9:32	Since the world began was it not heard that any man opened the eyes of one that was born blind.
1 Chronicles 12:29	And of the children of Benjamin, the kindred of Saul, three thousand: for till now the greatest part of them had kept the ward of the house of Saul.
Deuteronomy 7:23	But the LORD your God shall deliver them to you, and shall destroy them with a mighty destruction, until they be destroyed.
1 Chronicles 9:27	And they lodged round about the house of God, because the charge was on them, and the opening thereof every morning pertained to them.
2 Kings 13:18	And he said, Take the arrows. And he took them. And he said to the king of Israel, Smite on the ground. And he smote thrice, and stayed.
Proverbs 11:25	The liberal soul shall be made fat: and he that waters shall be watered also himself.
Numbers 20:24	Aaron shall be gathered to his people: for he shall not enter into the land which I have given to the children of Israel, because you rebelled against my word at the water of Meribah.
Numbers 10:17	And the tabernacle was taken down; and the sons of Gershon and the sons of Merari set forward, bearing the tabernacle.
1 Kings 14:12	Arise you therefore, get you to your own house: and when your feet enter into the city, the child shall die.
1 Chronicles 5:5	Micah his son, Reaia his son, Baal his son,
Matthew 6:10	Your kingdom come, Your will be done in earth, as it is in heaven.
1 Peter 3:17	For it is better, if the will of God be so, that you suffer for well doing, than for evil doing.
2 Chronicles 12:5	Then came Shemaiah the prophet to Rehoboam, and to the princes of Judah, that were gathered together to Jerusalem because of Shishak, and said to them, Thus said the LORD, You have forsaken me, and therefore have I also left you in the hand of Shishak.
Psalm 117:2	For his merciful kindness is great toward us: and the truth of the LORD endures for ever. Praise you the LORD.
1 Chronicles 18:1	Now after this it came to pass, that David smote the Philistines, and subdued them, and took Gath and her towns out of the hand of the Philistines.
Jeremiah 28:3	Within two full years will I bring again into this place all the vessels of the LORD’s house, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon took away from this place, and carried them to Babylon:
Isaiah 22:1	The burden of the valley of vision. What ails you now, that you are wholly gone up to the housetops?
Proverbs 22:7	The rich rules over the poor, and the borrower is servant to the lender.
Proverbs 29:17	Correct your son, and he shall give you rest; yes, he shall give delight to your soul.
2 Kings 6:19	And Elisha said to them, This is not the way, neither is this the city: follow me, and I will bring you to the man whom you seek. But he led them to Samaria.
Revelation 7:1	And after these things I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, holding the four winds of the earth, that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor on the sea, nor on any tree.
Proverbs 24:29	Say not, I will do so to him as he has done to me: I will render to the man according to his work.
Psalm 107:41	Yet sets he the poor on high from affliction, and makes him families like a flock.
Psalm 48:13	Mark you well her bulwarks, consider her palaces; that you may tell it to the generation following.
Jeremiah 44:14	So that none of the remnant of Judah, which are gone into the land of Egypt to sojourn there, shall escape or remain, that they should return into the land of Judah, to the which they have a desire to return to dwell there: for none shall return but such as shall escape.
James 3:8	But the tongue can no man tame; it is an unruly evil, full of deadly poison.
Isaiah 29:7	And the multitude of all the nations that fight against Ariel, even all that fight against her and her fortification, and that distress her, shall be as a dream of a night vision.
Ezekiel 30:25	But I will strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon, and the arms of Pharaoh shall fall down; and they shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall put my sword into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall stretch it out on the land of Egypt.
Judges 3:5	And the children of Israel dwelled among the Canaanites, Hittites, and Amorites, and Perizzites, and Hivites, and Jebusites:
Zechariah 6:9	And the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Genesis 28:12	And he dreamed, and behold a ladder set up on the earth, and the top of it reached to heaven: and behold the angels of God ascending and descending on it.
2 Samuel 3:18	Now then do it: for the LORD has spoken of David, saying, By the hand of my servant David I will save my people Israel out of the hand of the Philistines, and out of the hand of all their enemies.
Psalm 105:23	Israel also came into Egypt; and Jacob sojourned in the land of Ham.
Psalm 28:7	The LORD is my strength and my shield; my heart trusted in him, and I am helped: therefore my heart greatly rejoices; and with my song will I praise him.
Exodus 25:4	And blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine linen, and goats’ hair,
Luke 11:54	Laying wait for him, and seeking to catch something out of his mouth, that they might accuse him.
Zephaniah 3:2	She obeyed not the voice; she received not correction; she trusted not in the LORD; she drew not near to her God.
Numbers 10:24	And over the host of the tribe of the children of Benjamin was Abidan the son of Gideoni.
1 Chronicles 17:3	And it came to pass the same night, that the word of God came to Nathan, saying,
Deuteronomy 12:15	Notwithstanding you may kill and eat flesh in all your gates, whatever your soul lusts after, according to the blessing of the LORD your God which he has given you: the unclean and the clean may eat thereof, as of the roebuck, and as of the hart.
Jonah 4:6	And the LORD God prepared a gourd, and made it to come up over Jonah, that it might be a shadow over his head, to deliver him from his grief. So Jonah was exceeding glad of the gourd.
Judges 9:32	Now therefore up by night, you and the people that is with you, and lie in wait in the field:
Ezekiel 36:21	But I had pity for my holy name, which the house of Israel had profaned among the heathen, where they went.
Hebrews 4:16	Let us therefore come boldly to the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need.
Deuteronomy 4:40	You shall keep therefore his statutes, and his commandments, which I command you this day, that it may go well with you, and with your children after you, and that you may prolong your days on the earth, which the LORD your God gives you, for ever.
Numbers 7:55	His offering was one silver charger of the weight of an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:
Job 39:25	He said among the trumpets, Ha, ha; and he smells the battle afar off, the thunder of the captains, and the shouting.
Deuteronomy 24:6	No man shall take the nether or the upper millstone to pledge: for he takes a man’s life to pledge.
Luke 22:51	And Jesus answered and said, Suffer you thus far. And he touched his ear, and healed him.
Joshua 21:29	Jarmuth with her suburbs, Engannim with her suburbs; four cities.
1 Chronicles 24:9	The fifth to Malchijah, the sixth to Mijamin,
Genesis 41:31	And the plenty shall not be known in the land by reason of that famine following; for it shall be very grievous.
Psalm 51:15	O Lord, open you my lips; and my mouth shall show forth your praise.
Jeremiah 4:15	For a voice declares from Dan, and publishes affliction from mount Ephraim.
2 Chronicles 32:27	And Hezekiah had exceeding much riches and honor: and he made himself treasuries for silver, and for gold, and for precious stones, and for spices, and for shields, and for all manner of pleasant jewels;
Mark 9:32	But they understood not that saying, and were afraid to ask him.
Isaiah 12:6	Cry out and shout, you inhabitant of Zion: for great is the Holy One of Israel in the middle of you.
Job 6:28	Now therefore be content, look on me; for it is evident to you if I lie.
Deuteronomy 12:10	But when you go over Jordan, and dwell in the land which the LORD your God gives you to inherit, and when he gives you rest from all your enemies round about, so that you dwell in safety;
Ephesians 1:12	That we should be to the praise of his glory, who first trusted in Christ.
Ezekiel 45:12	And the shekel shall be twenty gerahs: twenty shekels, five and twenty shekels, fifteen shekels, shall be your maneh.
2 Samuel 3:35	And when all the people came to cause David to eat meat while it was yet day, David swore, saying, So do God to me, and more also, if I taste bread, or ought else, till the sun be down.
Psalm 44:16	For the voice of him that reproaches and blasphemes; by reason of the enemy and avenger.
Ezekiel 33:11	Say to them, As I live, said the Lord GOD, I have no pleasure in the death of the wicked; but that the wicked turn from his way and live: turn you, turn you from your evil ways; for why will you die, O house of Israel?
Jeremiah 12:1	Righteous are you, O LORD, when I plead with you: yet let me talk with you of your judgments: Why does the way of the wicked prosper? why are all they happy that deal very treacherously?
2 Chronicles 22:10	But when Athaliah the mother of Ahaziah saw that her son was dead, she arose and destroyed all the seed royal of the house of Judah.
1 Samuel 18:5	And David went out wherever Saul sent him, and behaved himself wisely: and Saul set him over the men of war, and he was accepted in the sight of all the people, and also in the sight of Saul’s servants.
Job 4:21	Does not their excellency which is in them go away? they die, even without wisdom.
Revelation 4:3	And he that sat was to look on like a jasper and a sardine stone: and there was a rainbow round about the throne, in sight like to an emerald.
Psalm 63:6	When I remember you on my bed, and meditate on you in the night watches.
Numbers 35:28	Because he should have remained in the city of his refuge until the death of the high priest: but after the death of the high priest the slayer shall return into the land of his possession.
Luke 14:10	But when you are bidden, go and sit down in the lowest room; that when he that bade you comes, he may say to you, Friend, go up higher: then shall you have worship in the presence of them that sit at meat with you.
Nehemiah 3:8	Next to him repaired Uzziel the son of Harhaiah, of the goldsmiths. Next to him also repaired Hananiah the son of one of the apothecaries, and they fortified Jerusalem to the broad wall.
2 Chronicles 18:14	And when he was come to the king, the king said to him, Micaiah, shall we go to Ramothgilead to battle, or shall I forbear? And he said, Go you up, and prosper, and they shall be delivered into your hand.
Job 31:10	Then let my wife grind to another, and let others bow down on her.
2 Kings 21:11	Because Manasseh king of Judah has done these abominations, and has done wickedly above all that the Amorites did, which were before him, and has made Judah also to sin with his idols:
Micah 3:1	And I said, Hear, I pray you, O heads of Jacob, and you princes of the house of Israel; Is it not for you to know judgment?
2 Samuel 20:16	Then cried a wise woman out of the city, Hear, hear; say, I pray you, to Joab, Come near here, that I may speak with you.
John 12:18	For this cause the people also met him, for that they heard that he had done this miracle.
Jeremiah 33:23	Moreover the word of the LORD came to Jeremiah, saying,
1 Kings 19:9	And he came thither to a cave, and lodged there; and, behold, the word of the LORD came to him, and he said to him, What do you here, Elijah?
Exodus 38:22	And Bezaleel the son Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah, made all that the LORD commanded Moses.
Numbers 11:29	And Moses said to him, Envy you for my sake? would God that all the LORD’s people were prophets, and that the LORD would put his spirit on them!
1 Corinthians 16:17	I am glad of the coming of Stephanas and Fortunatus and Achaicus: for that which was lacking on your part they have supplied.
Ezekiel 36:28	And you shall dwell in the land that I gave to your fathers; and you shall be my people, and I will be your God.
Daniel 7:19	Then I would know the truth of the fourth beast, which was diverse from all the others, exceeding dreadful, whose teeth were of iron, and his nails of brass; which devoured, broke in pieces, and stamped the residue with his feet;
Exodus 5:23	For since I came to Pharaoh to speak in your name, he has done evil to this people; neither have you delivered your people at all.
Daniel 3:27	And the princes, governors, and captains, and the king’s counsellors, being gathered together, saw these men, on whose bodies the fire had no power, nor was an hair of their head singed, neither were their coats changed, nor the smell of fire had passed on them.
1 John 2:19	They went out from us, but they were not of us; for if they had been of us, they would no doubt have continued with us: but they went out, that they might be made manifest that they were not all of us.
Genesis 9:28	And Noah lived after the flood three hundred and fifty years.
Exodus 22:12	And if it be stolen from him, he shall make restitution to the owner thereof.
Acts 4:20	For we cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard.
1 Samuel 16:13	Then Samuel took the horn of oil, and anointed him in the middle of his brothers: and the Spirit of the LORD came on David from that day forward. So Samuel rose up, and went to Ramah.
Matthew 12:14	Then the Pharisees went out, and held a council against him, how they might destroy him.
Matthew 5:34	But I say to you, Swear not at all; neither by heaven; for it is God’s throne:
Acts 28:27	For the heart of this people is waxed gross, and their ears are dull of hearing, and their eyes have they closed; lest they should see with their eyes, and hear with their ears, and understand with their heart, and should be converted, and I should heal them.
Ezekiel 16:36	Thus said the Lord GOD; Because your filthiness was poured out, and your nakedness discovered through your prostitutions with your lovers, and with all the idols of your abominations, and by the blood of your children, which you did give to them;
Isaiah 31:6	Turn you to him from whom the children of Israel have deeply revolted.
Isaiah 57:16	For I will not contend for ever, neither will I be always wroth: for the spirit should fail before me, and the souls which I have made.
2 Samuel 18:3	But the people answered, You shall not go forth: for if we flee away, they will not care for us; neither if half of us die, will they care for us: but now you are worth ten thousand of us: therefore now it is better that you succor us out of the city.
Acts 19:36	Seeing then that these things cannot be spoken against, you ought to be quiet, and to do nothing rashly.
Matthew 15:7	You hypocrites, well did Esaias prophesy of you, saying,
Luke 11:23	He that is not with me is against me: and he that gathers not with me scatters.
Numbers 3:18	And these are the names of the sons of Gershon by their families; Libni, and Shimei.
John 6:59	These things said he in the synagogue, as he taught in Capernaum.
Luke 23:39	And one of the malefactors which were hanged railed on him, saying, If you be Christ, save yourself and us.
Jonah 1:13	Nevertheless the men rowed hard to bring it to the land; but they could not: for the sea worked, and was tempestuous against them.
2 Peter 3:9	The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is long-suffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.
Ezekiel 12:8	And in the morning came the word of the LORD to me, saying,
Luke 8:27	And when he went forth to land, there met him out of the city a certain man, which had devils long time, and ware no clothes, neither stayed in any house, but in the tombs.
Numbers 4:25	And they shall bear the curtains of the tabernacle, and the tabernacle of the congregation, his covering, and the covering of the badgers’ skins that is above on it, and the hanging for the door of the tabernacle of the congregation,
Job 38:7	When the morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for joy?
Mark 4:6	But when the sun was up, it was scorched; and because it had no root, it withered away.
Exodus 9:1	Then the LORD said to Moses, Go in to Pharaoh, and tell him, Thus said the LORD God of the Hebrews, Let my people go, that they may serve me.
Genesis 37:35	And all his sons and all his daughters rose up to comfort him; but he refused to be comforted; and he said, For I will go down into the grave to my son mourning. Thus his father wept for him.
2 Kings 15:36	Now the rest of the acts of Jotham, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Numbers 5:10	And every man’s hallowed things shall be his: whatever any man gives the priest, it shall be his.
Isaiah 57:7	On a lofty and high mountain have you set your bed: even thither went you up to offer sacrifice.
Joshua 21:10	Which the children of Aaron, being of the families of the Kohathites, who were of the children of Levi, had: for theirs was the first lot.
Mark 14:56	For many bore false witness against him, but their witness agreed not together.
1 Samuel 20:35	And it came to pass in the morning, that Jonathan went out into the field at the time appointed with David, and a little lad with him.
Mark 8:15	And he charged them, saying, Take heed, beware of the leaven of the Pharisees, and of the leaven of Herod.
Psalm 125:1	They that trust in the LORD shall be as mount Zion, which cannot be removed, but stays for ever.
Matthew 18:22	Jesus said to him, I say not to you, Until seven times: but, Until seventy times seven.
Mark 11:30	The baptism of John, was it from heaven, or of men? answer me.
Ezra 7:4	The son of Zerahiah, the son of Uzzi, the son of Bukki,
1 Samuel 27:9	And David smote the land, and left neither man nor woman alive, and took away the sheep, and the oxen, and the asses, and the camels, and the apparel, and returned, and came to Achish.
James 2:4	Are you not then partial in yourselves, and are become judges of evil thoughts?
Exodus 24:3	And Moses came and told the people all the words of the LORD, and all the judgments: and all the people answered with one voice, and said, All the words which the LORD has said will we do.
1 Chronicles 5:7	And his brothers by their families, when the genealogy of their generations was reckoned, were the chief, Jeiel, and Zechariah,
Matthew 2:12	And being warned of God in a dream that they should not return to Herod, they departed into their own country another way.
1 Chronicles 9:22	All these which were chosen to be porters in the gates were two hundred and twelve. These were reckoned by their genealogy in their villages, whom David and Samuel the seer did ordain in their set office.
Deuteronomy 4:5	Behold, I have taught you statutes and judgments, even as the LORD my God commanded me, that you should do so in the land where you go to possess it.
Titus 3:9	But avoid foolish questions, and genealogies, and contentions, and strivings about the law; for they are unprofitable and vain.
Exodus 11:5	And all the firstborn in the land of Egypt shall die, from the first born of Pharaoh that sits on his throne, even to the firstborn of the maidservant that is behind the mill; and all the firstborn of beasts.
Genesis 44:17	And he said, God forbid that I should do so: but the man in whose hand the cup is found, he shall be my servant; and as for you, get you up in peace to your father.
Mark 3:29	But he that shall blaspheme against the Holy Ghost has never forgiveness, but is in danger of eternal damnation.
Galatians 6:12	As many as desire to make a fair show in the flesh, they constrain you to be circumcised; only lest they should suffer persecution for the cross of Christ.
Job 21:19	God lays up his iniquity for his children: he rewards him, and he shall know it.
2 Chronicles 13:9	Have you not cast out the priests of the LORD, the sons of Aaron, and the Levites, and have made you priests after the manner of the nations of other lands? so that whoever comes to consecrate himself with a young bullock and seven rams, the same may be a priest of them that are no gods.
2 Kings 14:24	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD: he departed not from all the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin.
Ezra 10:6	Then Ezra rose up from before the house of God, and went into the chamber of Johanan the son of Eliashib: and when he came thither, he did eat no bread, nor drink water: for he mourned because of the transgression of them that had been carried away.
2 Samuel 16:21	And Ahithophel said to Absalom, Go in to your father’s concubines, which he has left to keep the house; and all Israel shall hear that you are abhorred of your father: then shall the hands of all that are with you be strong.
Exodus 36:13	And he made fifty clasps of gold, and coupled the curtains one to another with the clasps: so it became one tabernacle.
Job 38:15	And from the wicked their light is withheld, and the high arm shall be broken.
Jeremiah 38:16	So Zedekiah the king swore secretly to Jeremiah, saying, As the LORD lives, that made us this soul, I will not put you to death, neither will I give you into the hand of these men that seek your life.
Matthew 22:25	Now there were with us seven brothers: and the first, when he had married a wife, deceased, and, having no issue, left his wife to his brother:
Ezekiel 47:7	Now when I had returned, behold, at the bank of the river were very many trees on the one side and on the other.
Numbers 11:33	And while the flesh was yet between their teeth, ere it was chewed, the wrath of the LORD was kindled against the people, and the LORD smote the people with a very great plague.
Zechariah 2:8	For thus said the LORD of hosts; After the glory has he sent me to the nations which spoiled you: for he that touches you touches the apple of his eye.
Isaiah 43:11	I, even I, am the LORD; and beside me there is no savior.
1 Kings 6:15	And he built the walls of the house within with boards of cedar, both the floor of the house, and the walls of the ceiling: and he covered them on the inside with wood, and covered the floor of the house with planks of fir.
Revelation 21:18	And the building of the wall of it was of jasper: and the city was pure gold, like to clear glass.
1 Kings 14:7	Go, tell Jeroboam, Thus said the LORD God of Israel, For as much as I exalted you from among the people, and made you prince over my people Israel,
Proverbs 19:1	Better is the poor that walks in his integrity, than he that is perverse in his lips, and is a fool.
Judges 4:15	And the LORD discomfited Sisera, and all his chariots, and all his host, with the edge of the sword before Barak; so that Sisera lighted down off his chariot, and fled away on his feet.
Psalm 27:11	Teach me your way, O LORD, and lead me in a plain path, because of my enemies.
Jeremiah 3:17	At that time they shall call Jerusalem the throne of the LORD; and all the nations shall be gathered to it, to the name of the LORD, to Jerusalem: neither shall they walk any more after the imagination of their evil heart.
Job 10:17	You renew your witnesses against me, and increase your indignation on me; changes and war are against me.
Exodus 39:38	And the golden altar, and the anointing oil, and the sweet incense, and the hanging for the tabernacle door,
Deuteronomy 27:24	Cursed be he that smites his neighbor secretly. And all the people shall say, Amen.
Exodus 27:7	And the staves shall be put into the rings, and the staves shall be on the two sides of the altar, to bear it.
1 Samuel 22:22	And David said to Abiathar, I knew it that day, when Doeg the Edomite was there, that he would surely tell Saul: I have occasioned the death of all the persons of your father’s house.
Romans 14:20	For meat destroy not the work of God. All things indeed are pure; but it is evil for that man who eats with offense.
Exodus 30:4	And two golden rings shall you make to it under the crown of it, by the two corners thereof, on the two sides of it shall you make it; and they shall be for places for the staves to bear it with.
Joshua 16:1	And the lot of the children of Joseph fell from Jordan by Jericho, to the water of Jericho on the east, to the wilderness that goes up from Jericho throughout mount Bethel,
Matthew 9:28	And when he was come into the house, the blind men came to him: and Jesus said to them, Believe you that I am able to do this? They said to him, Yes, Lord.
Genesis 38:3	And she conceived, and bore a son; and he called his name Er.
Leviticus 27:23	Then the priest shall reckon to him the worth of your estimation, even to the year of the jubilee: and he shall give your estimation in that day, as a holy thing to the LORD.
Romans 1:13	Now I would not have you ignorant, brothers, that oftentimes I purposed to come to you, (but was let till now,) that I might have some fruit among you also, even as among other Gentiles.
Psalm 78:66	And he smote his enemies in the hinder parts: he put them to a perpetual reproach.
Deuteronomy 13:2	And the sign or the wonder come to pass, whereof he spoke to you, saying, Let us go after other gods, which you have not known, and let us serve them;
John 10:23	And Jesus walked in the temple in Solomon’s porch.
Ezekiel 46:18	Moreover the prince shall not take of the people’s inheritance by oppression, to thrust them out of their possession; but he shall give his sons inheritance out of his own possession: that my people be not scattered every man from his possession.
Numbers 13:33	And there we saw the giants, the sons of Anak, which come of the giants: and we were in our own sight as grasshoppers, and so we were in their sight.
Numbers 11:25	And the LORD came down in a cloud, and spoke to him, and took of the spirit that was on him, and gave it to the seventy elders: and it came to pass, that, when the spirit rested on them, they prophesied, and did not cease.
Numbers 28:4	The one lamb shall you offer in the morning, and the other lamb shall you offer at even;
Lamentations 2:8	The LORD has purposed to destroy the wall of the daughter of Zion: he has stretched out a line, he has not withdrawn his hand from destroying: therefore he made the rampart and the wall to lament; they languished together.
Hebrews 3:1	Why, holy brothers, partakers of the heavenly calling, consider the Apostle and High Priest of our profession, Christ Jesus;
